GO FARC-Colombia peace deal finalized.
GO Havana, Cuba (CNN) Negotiators seeking to end the    bloody insurgency in Colombia said Wednesday they had reached a final peace deal in one of the world’s   conflicts.
GO Chaffetz: Trump should open his ’kimono,’ release tax returns.
GO Washington (CNN) Rep. Jason Chaffetz called on Donald Trump Wednesday to ”open up (his) kimono” and release his tax returns and medical records.
GO North Korea missile test earns Kim Jong Un’s praise.
GO Seoul, South Korea (CNN) North Korean leader Kim Jong Un considers Wednesday’s test firing of a   ballistic missile the ”greatest success and victory,” the country’s   news agency reported.
GO Donald Trump plans minority voter outreach.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s campaign is planning a concerted effort to reach out to minority voters and shed the perception by some that he is racist, part of a reset for his campaign sparked by bringing in new leadership.
GO London activists, J.K. Rowling react to burkini ban in France.
GO London (CNN) Activists created a makeshift beach Thursday outside the French Embassy in London as part of a demonstration against France’s burkini ban.
GO Trump: Clinton ’trying to smear’ my supporters.
GO Manchester, New Hampshire (CNN) Donald Trump accused Hillary Clinton Thursday of ”trying to smear” his supporters as racists.
GO Italy earthquake: Girl pulled from rubble undergoes surgery.
GO Amatrice, Italy (CNN) A girl who endured nearly 17 hours in the rubble after this week’s earthquake has undergone surgery and is doing well, Italian national news agency ANSA said late Thursday.
GO Ryan Lochte charged by Brazilian authorities.
GO Rio de Janeiro (CNN) US swimmer Ryan Lochte has been charged with falsely reporting a crime, Rio police said Thursday.
GO Doctor: I wrote Trump’s bill of health in 5 minutes.
GO Washington (CNN) The doctor who has produced the only public medical record about Donald Trump during his presidential campaign reportedly said he spent only five minutes writing it.
GO Kaine: Trump ’pushing’ KKK values.
GO Tallahassee, Florida (CNN) Tim Kaine assumed the role of Hillary Clinton’s attack dog Friday, saying Donald Trump embraces ”Ku Klux Klan” values.
GO Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 7 points in Michigan.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by seven points in Michigan, a battleground state both presidential candidates are eager to win in order to clinch 270 college electoral votes and the White House in November.
GO Italy earthquake: A country in mourning begins burying the dead.
GO Ascoli Piceno, Italy (CNN) Italy began the painful task of burying its dead Saturday following a massive earthquake, as aftershocks rattled the heart of the country and the death toll climbed to 291.
GO Clinton Foundation official plays defense over accusations.
GO Washington (CNN) A top Clinton Foundation official defended its ”lifesaving work” Sunday amid new criticism and    accusations over Hillary Clinton’s connections to its top donors.
GO Trump will directly address black voters, top aide says.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s campaign manager said Sunday he will soon be courting black voters more directly, scheduling events in front of predominantly   audiences.
GO Tom Barrack: Trump shouldn’t talk about Weiner.
GO Washington (CNN) Tom Barrack, a close friend and business associate of Donald Trump, said Monday the Republican presidential nominee should not continue to comment on the latest scandal surrounding former New York Congressman Anthony Weiner.
GO Trump backer apologizes for blackface tweet, but stands by message.
GO Washington (CNN) A prominent   pastor who supports Donald Trump apologized Tuesday for a tweet featuring a cartoon of Hillary Clinton in blackface, but said he stood by the message he was trying to convey that Democrats take black voters for granted.
GO Clinton at fundraiser: ’I do not know which Donald Trump will show up’ at debates.
GO East Hampton, New York (CNN) Hillary Clinton discussed the pros and cons of debating Donald Trump Monday at a fundraiser in the Hamptons, telling donors that while she is preparing to debate, she doesn’t ”know which Donald Trump will show up.” Clinton, who is in the midst of a fundraising blitz across the country, solicited advice from the donors at East Hampton home of Karen and Charles Phillips, CEO of InFor, a financial systems software company.
GO Officials: Hackers breach election systems in Illinois, Arizona.
GO Washington (CNN) Hackers have breached databases for election systems in Illinois and Arizona, according to state election and law enforcement officials.
GO Clinton: In Mexico ’Trump just failed his first foreign test’.
GO Cincinnati (CNN) Hillary Clinton on Wednesday night dismissed Donald Trump’s day trip to Mexico, arguing the Republican nominee is woefully lacking in diplomatic skills and ”just failed his first foreign test.” The former secretary of state pounced on conflicting messages from Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto following their meeting.
GO What Donald Trump has said about Mexico.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump has mentioned Mexico frequently since his first day on the campaign trail.
GO Mexican president explains why he met with Trump.
GO Washington (CNN) The president of Mexico explained Thursday why he invited Donald Trump to visit his country, pitching the trip as a chance to meet with someone important    even if the Republican nominee is widely disliked in the country.
GO Hurricane Hermine nears landfall in Florida Panhandle.
GO Apalachicola, Florida (CNN) After boarding up windows and filling sandbags, residents took shelter Thursday night as Hurricane Hermine bore down on the Sunshine State’s Panhandle region.
GO Mark Zuckerberg visit boosts Nigeria startups.
GO Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg’s visit to Nigeria, his first to   Africa, has put the country’s tech businesses firmly in the world’s spotlight.
GO Report: Iran granted exemptions to nuclear accord.
GO Washington (CNN) The US and other members of the international community granted Iran exemptions to its requirements under the agreement that sought to curb its nuclear program, according to a new report by the   Institute for Science and International Security.
GO A reel honor: Scientists name new fish after Obama.
GO Washington (CNN) It isn’t exactly a squid pro quo, but scientists are naming a new fish after President Barack Obama partly as a way to say thanks for his decision last month to create a new protected area off the Hawaiian coast.
GO Kissinger, Shultz decline to endorse in 2016 race.
GO Washington (CNN) Henry Kissinger and George Shultz announced Friday that they will not be backing either major party candidate in the 2016 race, saying they’d prefer to focus on working across party lines to improve America’s standing in the world.
GO Mike Pence: I’ll release tax returns next week.
GO Washington (CNN) Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence says he will release his tax returns next week, drawing a stark contrast with his running mate, Donald Trump, who has refused to release them until an Internal Revenue Service audit is completed.
GO Obama, China ratify climate agreements.
GO Hangzhou, China (CNN) The United States and China on Saturday each submitted their plans to reduce carbon emissions to the United Nations, officially ratifying an agreement forged last year in Paris meant to curb climate change.
GO Mother Teresa declared a saint by Pope Francis.
GO Vatican City (CNN) Mother Teresa, a Catholic nun who devoted her life to helping India’s poor, has been declared a saint in a canonization Mass held by Pope Francis in the Vatican.
GO Phyllis Schlafly, towering social conservative figure, dies at 92.
GO Washington (CNN) Phyllis Schlafly, a prominent   and early leader of the social conservative movement, died Monday at the age of 92 at her home in St. Louis.
GO GOP congressman chides Trump: ’Don’t be so sensitive’.
GO Washington (CNN) Republican Rep. Sean Duffy on Monday chided Donald Trump over his Twitter jabs at a leading GOP critic, Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, urging the GOP nominee not to be ”so sensitive.” ”I don’t know what Jeff is doing taking shots at Donald Trump but Donald Trump has to rise above all of this and unify the party,” the Wisconsin congressman    and Trump supporter    told CNN’s Wolf Blitzer on ”The Situation Room.” ”And by responding to the punch that Flake gave him, doesn’t bring people closer together.
GO Third bomb strikes Kabul, Afghanistan.
GO Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) A third bombing hit Kabul, Afghanistan, after two others that killed nearly two dozen people and injured nearly 100 on Monday.
GO Bill Clinton, back on the trail, defends Clinton Foundation.
GO Durham, North Carolina (CNN) President Bill Clinton defended his   organization, the Clinton Foundation, during a rally in key battleground state North Carolina on Tuesday.
GO Pam Bondi says she won’t be ’bullied’ by Hillary Clinton over Trump donation.
GO Washington (CNN) Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi declared Tuesday she will not be ”bullied” by Hillary Clinton, as the Democratic presidential nominee used a 2013 donation to Bondi to turn the tables on Donald Trump this week.
GO Graham on Trump or Clinton: ’I really don’t know’ who’d be a better commander in chief .
GO Washington (CNN) Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Wednesday he doesn’t know whether Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton would be a better commander in chief for the United States.
GO Senate leaders report progress in talks over Zika and government funding .
GO Washington (CNN) Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who is anxious to both head off the threat of a government shutdown and preserve his Republican majority, announced Wednesday he is in talks with Senate Democrats and the White House to extend funding for federal agencies until December 9.
GO Russian fighter jet makes ’unsafe’ intercept of US aircraft.
GO Washington (CNN) A Russian fighter jet made an ”unsafe   intercept” of a US aircraft over the Black Sea Wednesday, coming within 10 feet of the American plane.
GO Chelsea Clinton cites climate change as reason to vote for her mother.
GO Washington (CNN) Chelsea Clinton cited climate change in speaking to reporters Thursday on why voters should consider her mother, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
GO French prosecutor: Women who planned attack were directed by ISIS.
GO Paris (CNN) Three women arrested in raids this week in France were part of a terror cell directed by ISIS from Syria, Paris prosecutor Francois Molins said Friday.
GO Clinton super PAC hauls in $21M in record-setting August.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton’s super PAC almost raised more money in August than all of Donald Trump’s super PACs have combined during the entire 2016 campaign, collecting more than $20 million in what the group called their most successful month so far.
GO What Trump got right and wrong about sexual assault in the military.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump stepped on a landmine with his recent comments about sexual assault in the military.
GO Apple, tech lift Wall Street as Nasdaq sets record.
GO Apple shares ( ) jumped 2 percent and set a record high, supporting the three major Wall Street indexes.
GO France’s Le Pen says best placed to face ’new world’ of Trump, Putin.
GO    presidential candidate Marine Le Pen said on Tuesday she was better placed than her rival, centrist Emmanuel Macron, to defend France’s interests in what she called the ”new world” of U. S. President Donald Trump and Russia’s Vladimir Putin.
GO Le Pen says euro a deadweight, capital controls an option if she wins power.
GO    candidate Marine Le Pen said capital controls were an option if she won Sunday’s presidential election and there was a run on banks as she negotiated France’s exit from the European Union, but stressed they were unlikely to be needed.
GO Macron, Le Pen clash on euro, terrorism, in French pre-election TV showdown.
GO    candidate Marine Le Pen and centrist Emmanuel Macron clashed over their vision of France’s future, the euro and ways of fighting terrorism in an   televised debate on Wednesday before Sunday’s   vote for the presidency.
GO How the PGA is trying to grow the game of golf.
GO PGA of America Chief Commercial Officer Jeff Price discusses the ways his organization is trying to make golf more appealing.
GO Puerto Rico government bank reaches wind-down deal with creditors.
GO    Puerto Rico announced on Monday that the Government Development Bank, once the primary fiscal agent for the U. S. territory, has reached a liquidation deal with its creditors, avoiding a protracted bankruptcy.
GO Trump Backtracks: If Abortion Were Banned I’d Punish Providers, Not Women.
GO Donald Trump reversed his position Wednesday on what should happen to women who seek abortions if they were outlawed in the U. S. first claiming women should face “some form of punishment” and later framing them as “victims” of doctors performing an ”illegal act.” “If Congress were to pass legislation making abortion illegal and the federal courts upheld this legislation, or any state were permitted to ban abortion under state and federal law, the doctor or any other person performing this illegal act upon a woman would be held legally responsible, not the woman,” Trump said in an emailed statement.
GO State Department Faces Criticism Over Its Spring Break Travel Tips.
GO The State Department faced some criticism online after it tweeted some travel tips to not do ”#springbreakingbadly.” The ”tips” ranged in advice to not travel with drugs lined in luggage and to not purchase drinks if you’re not a ”10” in the United States.
GO Bill Clinton Says His Superdelegate Vote Will Go To Sanders If He Wins Nom.
GO Former President Bill Clinton, husband to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, suggested Thursday that he’d use his superdelegate vote to support Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) if he won the Democratic nomination.
GO RNC Launches Website To Prep Public For A Contested Convention.
GO The Republican National Committee has launched a website to inform the public about what happens in the event of contested GOP convention, the Washington Examiner reported.
GO Andrew Sullivan To Join New York Magazine.
GO Andrew Sullivan, conservative political commentator and prolific blogger, is joining New York magazine as a contributing editor, the publication announced Friday.
GO Karl Rove: A ‘Fresh Face’ Might Be Better Than Trump Or Cruz For GOP Nom.
GO Republican operative Karl Rove said Thursday that based on the GOP’s current crop of candidates, the party might be better off picking a “fresh face” for the best chance of winning the White House.
GO Trump Now Says Abortion Laws Shouldn’t Be Changed.
GO Donald Trump has reversed course on abortion yet again, now saying that laws regulating the procedure should not be changed.
GO Obama: Trump ‘Doesn’t Know Much’ About Nuclear Policy, The World.
GO President Obama roundly dismissed Donald Trump’s recent suggestion that U. S. allies in Southeast Asia acquire nuclear weapons, calling the Republican presidential candidate someone who “doesn’t know much about foreign policy or nuclear policy or the Korean Peninsula or the world generally.
GO RNC Chair: ’I Don’t Know’ If Trump Is Our Strongest Candidate.
GO Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said Sunday that he didn’t know if GOP nominee hopeful Donald Trump was the party’s strongest candidate, but said the real estate mogul could with a general election.
GO Fox Host To Trump: Are You In The Midst Of ’Blowing’ Your Campaign?.
GO Fox News host Chris Wallace let Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump have it at the beginning of an interview aired Sunday and asked him straight out if the GOP nominee hopeful was in the midst of ”blowing” his campaign.
GO Carson: There Are ’Probably’ Better People For The White House Than Trump.
GO Dr. Ben Carson said in a radio interview Sunday that there were ”probably” better people other than Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump who could fix the government, The Hill reported.
GO Clinton: ’I’m Confident’ There Will Be Another Debate With Sanders.
GO Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in an interview aired Sunday that she was ”confident” that there would be another Democratic presidential debate with Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ).
GO Amtrak Train Derails Near Philadelphia, Killing 2, Injuring More Than 30 Others.
GO UPDATE: 12:42 p. m. CHESTER, Pa. (AP)    Authorities say an Amtrak train struck a piece of construction equipment just south of Philadelphia, killing two people and injuring more than 30.
GO Trump Again Dodges Saying Whether He’ll Support RNC Pledge.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump again dodge saying Sunday whether he would keep with the RNC pledge and support the Republican nominee despite meeting with the party’s leaders last week.
GO Sarah Palin Poses With Dead Boar To Convince Wisconsinites To Vote Trump.
GO Former Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin posted a photograph Sunday of her posing with a dead boar in an effort to convince Wisconsin voters to support Donald Trump ahead of the state’s GOP primary Tuesday.
GO Donald Trump Has Been Wearing A Bulletproof Vest At Rallies.
GO Donald Trump has taken to wearing a bulletproof vest on the campaign trail, according to a report published Sunday in New York Magazine.
GO Report: RNC Officials Meet To Discuss How A Contested Convention Would Work.
GO Leading officials in the Republican National Committee reportedly met Tuesday afternoon to discuss the semantics of a contested convention, Politico reported.
GO Yep. That’s the Idea.
GO GOP rep from Wisconsin is pumped about November, says Wisconsin’s new voter ID (voter suppression) law will help Republicans win.
GO Live chat with Ryan Johnson, $15 minimum wage expert, Friday 4/8 at 2 p.m. ET.
GO Ryan Johnson, executive director of the Fairness Project and expert on economic inequality, is joining Hive members for a live chat on Friday at 2 p. m. ET.
GO Newtown, Connecticut Teacher Charged After Bringing Gun To School.
GO A science teacher in Newtown, Connecticut was charged Wednesday after bringing a concealed gun to the school, the Hartford Courant reported.
GO You Should Read This.
GO A disillusioned   explains how Wisconsin Republicans were giddy at how their voter ID law would knock down minority and youth voting in their state.
GO Yup, Rudy Giuliani Is Voting For Donald Trump.
GO After months of offering advice to, defending, and praising Donald Trump without a formal endorsement, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani finally told the New York Post that he planned to vote for his “close personal friend” in the April 19 Republican primary.
GO Clinton Spox To Trump: Don’t Complain About Having To Campaign.
GO A spokesman for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton retweeted Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Saturday and told the real estate mogul to stop complaining about having to campaign.
GO President Obama: ’Mr. Trump Is Not Succeeding Me’.
GO President Barack Obama said Thursday that Trump was not ”succeeding” him when he addressed the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee fundraiser, according to a transcript of his remarks released a day later.
GO Trump Weighs In On Whether Clinton Is Qualified For The Presidency.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump weighed in Saturday on whether he thought Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was qualified for the presidency.
GO Hillary Clinton Responds To Bill’s Clash With Black Lives Matter Protesters.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton responded in an interview aired Sunday to the way her husband and former President Bill handled Black Lives Matter protesters who interrupted him at a campaign event last week.
GO Sanders: ’Something Is Clearly Lacking’ In Clinton’s Judgement.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) again attempted in an interview aired Sunday to clarify his statements about rival Hillary Clinton’s qualifications for the presidency, saying that there was something ”clearly lacking” in her judgement.
GO Sanders Sarcastically Thanks Bill Clinton For Being His ’Psychoanalyst’.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said in an interview aired Sunday that he was thankful to Bill Clinton for serving as his ”psychoanalyst.” Clinton suggested that Sanders’ questioning the qualifications of his wife, Hillary, for the presidency had ”subconscious,” double standards because she was a woman.
GO Sanders: Bill Clinton Should Apologize For Remarks To Protesters.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said Saturday that he thought Bill Clinton should apologize for what he said to the Black Lives Matter protesters that interrupted his campaign event for rival Hillary Clinton.
GO Carson: I’d Be Anti-Trump If I Weren’t So Worried About My Grandkids’ Future.
GO Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson suggested last week that Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump was far from his first choice for the White House, but he needed to think of ”the children.” In an interview with a Denver radio station first flagged by Buzzfeed News, host Krista Kafer told Carson that she couldn’t stomach voting for Trump.
GO Dem Lawmaker Regrets His Vote For North Carolina Anti-LGBT Law.
GO A Democratic state lawmaker says he now regrets his decision to vote in favor of the North Carolina law that overrode local provisions protecting LGBT individuals from discrimination.
GO Paul Ryan To GOP: I Know I’m Awesome, But I Can’t Be Your President.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan put to rest any lingering hopes that he would jump into the Republican presidential race on Tuesday, saying in a press conference at the Republican National Committee headquarters, ”count me out.” ”Let me be clear: I do not want, nor will I accept the Republican nomination,” Ryan said.
GO Deutsche Bank Nixes Plan To Expand In North Carolina Over Anti-LGBT Law.
GO Deutsche Bank announced Tuesday that it would suspend its plans to add 250 jobs in its Cary, North Carolina office, citing the state’s sweeping law that overrode local measures protecting LGBT individuals from discrimination and limited employees’ ability to sue over workplace discrimination.
GO Not as Crazy as It Sounds.
GO A member of the Republican National Committee, who will sit on the convention rules committee, made a bit of a stir today when he said that 1237 wasn’t the magic number for Trump.
GO Ohio University Greek Events Canceled After Members Write Pro-Trump Graffiti.
GO Several ”Greek Week” events at Ohio University’s campus have been suspended after national fraternity and sorority organizations found that several members of Greek life on campus were responsible for   Trump artwork on a student graffiti wall.
GO Colorado GOP Chair Plans To Bring Sheriff To Convention After Threats.
GO Colorado Republican Party Chairman Steve House plans to take extra precautions when he attends the Republican National Convention in July, including bringing a sheriff along with him, according to a Wednesday report from Politico.
GO New Republic Editor-In-Chief To Leave Magazine.
GO The New Republic’s    Gabriel Snyder, plans to leave the magazine after it publishes its June edition, CNN Money reported Thursday.
GO Palin Attacks Bill Nye: He’s ’As Much A Scientist As I Am!’.
GO Sarah Palin went on a bizarre tear against Bill Nye’s qualifications to speak about climate change during an event Thursday on Capitol Hill, claiming that Nye “is as much a scientist as I am.
GO Rubio Louisiana Delegates Under Fire: No, We Haven’t Backed Ted Cruz.
GO Following complaints from Donald Trump that Louisiana delegates formerly bound to Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) might back Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) at the Republican National Convention in July, four of the five delegates that had been bound to Rubio have signed an open letter clarifying that they have not yet committed to a new candidate, according to The Hill.
GO CNN Host Lets Sanders Try Again At Saying How Clinton Favored Big Banks.
GO CNN host Dana Bash told Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) Sunday that she would give him another try at answering how rival Hillary Clinton favored big banks following donations with ties to Wall Street.
GO Former Breitbart Reporter Says Trump And His Top Aide ’Defamed’ Her.
GO Michelle Fields, the former Breitbart reporter whose arm Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s top aide Corey Lewandowski grabbed, said Sunday that both the real estate mogul and his campaign manager ”defamed” her.
GO Where We’re At.
GO McConnell describes himself as ”increasingly optimistic” that GOP will have a contested convention.
GO Erick Erickson Recovering From Serious Health Scare.
GO Conservative pundit Erick Erickson said he was discharged from the hospital Monday after a serious health scare landed him in the intensive care unit.
GO ’Perfect’ Sperm Donor Who Fathered At Least 36 Is Actually Mentally Ill Convict.
GO A man once described as a “perfect donor” at an August, Georgia sperm bank and who fathered at least 36 children around the world is actually a mentally ill felon whose lies on his donor forms went undiscovered for more than a decade.
GO Donald Trump Projected As Winner Of GOP New York Primary.
GO In a resounding home state victory, Donald Trump won the New York primary on Tuesday night, according to projections from CNN and The Associated Press.
GO Hillary Clinton Projected Winner Of New York Democratic Primary.
GO Fox News, CNN, and NBC News projected former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton the winner of the New York Democratic primary on Tuesday night.
GO Prep for the Overshoot.
GO We’re about to see one of the most persistent things about horse race election coverage   the overshoot based on the politics and results of the moment.
GO Donald Trump’s Private Jet Isn’t Currently Registered To Fly.
GO Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has not renewed the registration permitting his private jet to fly, The New York Times reported Tuesday.
GO Reince Priebus On GOP Race: ‘This Is Fun...I’m Not Pouring Baileys On My Cereal’.
GO Republican National Committee chair Reince Priebus attempted to dispel the notion he has the worst job in politics on Wednesday, saying he’s not about to start pouring Baileys on his cereal out of despondency about the state of the GOP presidential race.
GO Ben Carson: I Love Harriet Tubman, But ’Find Another Way To Honor Her’.
GO Former Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson said Wednesday although he’s a fan of legendary abolitionist Harriet Tubman, her likeness shouldn’t replace President Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill.
GO Obama Mourns Sudden Death Of Prince: ‘The World Lost A Creative Icon’.
GO President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle released a statement mourning the sudden passing of Prince on Thursday afternoon, saying “the world lost a creative icon.
GO Caddell: Media Have ‘Selective Memory’ When It Comes to Democrats Accepting Election Results.
GO Pat Caddell told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday, “Selective memory is exactly the point” when it comes to the mainstream media’s reaction to Republican nominee Donald Trump suggesting he would wait and see before accepting the election results on November 8.
GO Turkish President: Islamic Terrorists ‘Going Straight to Hell’.
GO Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has issued a harsh verdict against the jihadis who bombed Istanbul Ataturk Airport on Tuesday, accusing the terrorists of not being true Muslims and insisting that taking a person’s life means “going straight to hell.
GO Breitbart’s Aaron Klein: Kerry ‘Not Taken Seriously’ In Mideast.
GO When it comes to setting policy in Syria, Secretary of State John Kerry is “not taken seriously” and is “laughed at” in the larger Middle East, Breitbart Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter Aaron Klein stated in a radio interview on Wednesday.
GO MILO Event at Iowa State University Cancelled Following Last Minute Security Fee Hike - Breitbart.
GO MILO’s event at Iowa State University on December 9th has had to be cancelled after administrators raised the security fee at the last minute, leaving student organizers no time to raise the required funds.
GO Donald Trump on TPP: ’We Should Seek a Guarantee from Hillary Clinton that She Won’t Sign It’ - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump repeated his challenge to presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton on pledging not to sign the   Partnership (TPP) trade deal while speaking about trade in New Hampshire Thursday.
GO NFL Commish Goodell on NC Bathroom Law: We’ll ’Try to Get the Right Policies and the Right Laws in Place’ - Breitbart.
GO On the Friday ESPN Radio broadcast of “Mike and Mike,” NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said the league will be working to “get the right policies and the right laws in place” in North Carolina in response to the state’s “bathroom law.
GO Top Cardinal: Islam Wants To Dominate The World.
GO A senior cardinal has said there is “no question that Islam wants to govern the world” and the only way to save Western civilisation is to return it to its Christian roots.
GO Berkeley Student Among 20+ Murdered In Bangladesh Islamic Terror.
GO    University of California Berkeley student Tarishi Jain was among over 20 people murdered Friday when Islamic fundamentalists shot and brutally hacked to death bakery patrons and police officers in the diplomatic district of Dhaka, Bangladesh.
GO Hillary: ’We Have Been Moving Off Track For Decades’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday during her speech on economics in Toledo, OH, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said the country had “been moving off track for decades” with regards to the economy.
GO Laura Ingraham: ‘The Bearded Wonder’ Speaker Paul Ryan Enabled Barack Obama’s Executive Gun Control - Breitbart.
GO Nationally syndicated conservative radio host Laura Ingraham says that “the bearded wonder,” House Speaker Paul Ryan, is a failure who enabled President Barack Obama’s gun control by executive action.
GO Survey: 34% of San Francisco Residents Want to Exit.
GO San Francisco residents are so fed up with the paralyzingly high rent and the horrendous traffic conditions that approximately 34 percent of them reportedly want to exit.
GO Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Programs AI Butler to Ignore His Wife - Breitbart.
GO Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has programmed his AI butler to ignore commands from his wife, answering only to him, the billionaire revealed in a recent interview.
GO Ted Cruz: ’Donald Funded the Gang of Eight’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on CNN’s Republican presidential debate, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) went after his opponent Donald Trump for what he deemed to be “funding” the   Gang of Eight immigration reform compromise in the U. S. Senate because he gave campaign contributions to many of the bill’s main proponents.
GO James Carville: Hillary Negatives Are ’Higher Than People Would Like’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Democratic strategist and   Clinton confidante James Carville admitted that Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton has some image problems that must be addressed before the November general election.
GO Michelle Obama: ‘I Will Not Run for President’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday at the White House’s “Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day,” when asked about potentially running for president one day like her predecessor former first lady Hillary Clinton, first lady Michelle Obama said, “I will not run for president.
GO Clint Eastwood: Khizr Khan Being ’Exploited’ by Democrats - Breitbart.
GO Legendary   Clint Eastwood chimed in on the feud between Khizr Khan, the father of slain U. S. Army Captain Humayun Khan, and GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump, accusing the Democratic Party of “taking advantage” of the Gold Star father.
GO Report: Failed Clinton Campaign Made Decisions Based on ’Ada’ Computer Algorithm - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton’s failed 2016 presidential campaign made decisions based largely on a computer algorithm named “Ada,” according to the Washington Post.
GO Ed Martin on Phyllis Schlafly’s Final Book: ‘Conservatives Have to Understand Why Trump Is the Pick’.
GO Eagle Forum President Ed Martin joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday’s Breitbart News Daily to talk about the passing of the Forum’s legendary founder, Phyllis Schlafly, and the final book he   with her, The Conservative Case for Trump.
GO Islamist Expert: Give Syrians Their Own City in Germany.
GO A left wing expert on Salafism has suggested that Germany has no real culture and that Syrians should be allowed their own city rather than be forced to integrate into German society.
GO Post-Dallas, Black Lives Matter Protests Sweep California.
GO Black Lives Matter protests swept through California over Friday and Saturday nights and into Sunday, undeterred by the murders of five Dallas police officers on Thursday night.
GO Roger Stone: Kasich Strategist Charlie Black Admitted Effort to Steal Nomination from Trump at Convention - Breitbart.
GO Citing the anticipated effort by the Republican establishment to steal the nomination away from frontrunner Donald Trump at the Cleveland GOP convention, Trump ally Roger Stone told Breitbart News Saturday host Matthew Boyle, “There’s all kinds of games that the establishment and the kingmakers can play.
GO Marco Rubio Welcomes Megyn Kelly to Campaign Rally in Florida - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Marco Rubio welcomed Fox News host Megyn Kelly to join him on stage at a rally with supporters in Hialeah, Florida today Wednesday.
GO Michael Jackson’s ’Shocking’ Child Pornography Collection Detailed in 2003 Neverland Ranch Police Report - Breitbart.
GO A Santa Barbara County Sheriff’s Department police report taken from a 2003 search at Michael Jackson’s Neverland Ranch residence turned up a cache of photos of naked men and women, animal sex videos and child pornography, all allegedly used to seduce young boys.
GO Peter King: Rubio Has to Win Florida to Continue Presidential Bid - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on CNN’s “Wolf, ” Rep. Peter King ( ) was asked if Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) the GOP presidential candidate he has endorsed, must win the GOP primary in his home state of Florida to continue his presidential bid.
GO Farage’s UKIP Farewell: Promises To Keep Fighting Globalisation.
GO Nigel Farage has promised to keep fighting globalisation across Europe and in the U. S. in his final speech to a UKIP conference as leader, praising how the party “changed the course of British history” by securing the Brexit vote.
GO Van Jones: Trump Has ’Not Spoken Like a Patriot Yet’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of CNN’s “AC360,” former Obama adviser and CNN Political Commentator Van Jones stated that   Trump has “not spoken like a patriot yet.
GO LISTEN: James Delingpole Takes On Bernie’s Brother On BBC Any Questions.
GO James Delingpole took on Bernie Sanders’s brother on BBC Radio 4’s Any Questions last night, along with   Labour MP Diane Abbott and Conservative MP Theresa Villiers.
GO LGBT Magazine Adds Disclaimer After MILO, Mike Pence Lead Person of the Year Poll - Breitbart.
GO LGBTQ Nation has written a disclaimer after discovering that Breitbart’s resident gay thot MILO was in the lead for their LGBT Person of the Year poll.
GO Obama: Donald Trump Would Tolerate Klan If Elected President - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama wants people in North Carolina to vote for Hillary Clinton, so he’s warning them that Donald Trump would tolerate the support of the Klu Klux Klan if he’s elected president.
GO Gingrich: ’Nobody Has Been Better at Being in the Mud’ Than the Clintons - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” former House Speaker Newt Gingrich offered his theory on how it was Bill and Hillary Clinton were able to tout themselves as the champions of women’s rights despite having accepted money from Middle Eastern countries with lackluster women’s rights records.
GO Iran’s Khamenei: U.S. Will Receive a ‘Punch in the Mouth’.
GO Iranian dictator Ali Khamenei threatened the United States with a “punch in the mouth” should America interfere in next month’s elections in Tehran.
GO EXPERT: Zika Virus ‘Transmission Cycle’ Could Start in Texas.
GO An expert in pediatric infectious diseases told reporters in Dallas that people in Texas who are infected with the Zika virus could infect mosquitoes and start a new “transmission cycle” in Texas.
GO PICS: Paris Clears Migrant Camps after Calais Closure.
GO Migrant slums on the streets of Paris are growing following the decision to close the Calais ‘jungle’ camp, forcing authorities to start clearing the areas.
GO Check, Please: Dinner with Clooney, Clinton $175K Per Plate.
GO San Francisco Democrats will have to reach deeper into their pockets than ever before if they want to sit with George Clooney and Hillary Clinton at the presidential candidate’s Bay Area fundraiser dinner next month.
GO Mother of Son Murdered by an Illegal Breaks Down in Tears Before Congress, Begging for Immigration Enforcement - Breitbart.
GO The mother of a teenage son who was tortured and murdered by an illegal immigrant broke down in tears Tuesday before a House panel, begging for the government to enforce immigration law.
GO Donald Trump Meets with 1,000 ’Enthusiastic’ Faith Leaders in New York City - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is meeting with a group of more than 1, 000 faith leaders in New York City.
GO Exclusive-Breitbart/Gravis Poll: Clinton Leads Trump by 8 in Oregon - Breitbart.
GO Oregon voters support Democratic nominee for president Hillary R. Clinton over her GOP rival Donald J. Trump, 47 percent to his 39 percent, according to the Oct. 4   poll of 1, 248 registered voters.
GO Man with Machete Arrested at Vigil for Nice Attack - Breitbart.
GO French police arrested a man carrying an   curved machete at the site of a vigil for victims of the terrorist attack in Nice, France.
GO Farage To Lead 100,000 Leave Supporters in March on Supreme Court.
GO Nigel Farage is set to lead a 100, 000 strong march to the Supreme Court in a public show of support for Brexit, as judges rule on whether Parliament should have a say on invoking Brexit.
GO California Primary: Democrat Still Says 20% Muslims Back Terror.
GO Democrat Rep. Loretta Sanchez ( ) one of two frontrunners in the U. S. Senate race in the California primary, doubled down Monday on her claim last December that up to 20% of Muslims worldwide support terror to establish a caliphate.
GO Glenn Beck Invites America to Join Him in Another Fast - Breitbart.
GO Cruz surrogate Glenn Beck is once again encouraging Americans to join him in a fast in the   to a crucial primary vote and to spread the word with the hashtag #Tuesdayfast.
GO Sammy Davis, Jr.’s Gun Turns up at L.A. Gun Buyback.
GO The May 7 Los Angeles gun buyback brought in 791 guns, including one that belonged to Sammy Davis, Jr. [The guns will be melted or otherwise destroyed.
GO As Olympics Approach, Rio de Janeiro’s Hospitals Running Out of Medicine - Breitbart.
GO Rio de Janeiro’s hospitals are running out of syringes and basic medications, and their staffs are running on    pay, with one month to go before the city hosts the 2016 Summer Olympics.
GO Muslim Lawmakers Propose Banning Alcohol in Indonesia.
GO Lawmakers are proposing a ban on alcohol sales and consumption throughout Indonesia, which may negatively affect the island of Bali’s booming tourist economy.
GO Austria Presidential Election Annulled After ’Serious’ Postal Vote Fraud.
GO Austria’s Constitutional court has today ordered May’s presidential election be annulled and another called after “particularly serious cases” of voting fraud were detected in the   vote.
GO Fox News: Mitt Romney Might Have to Apologize to Donald Trump Before Joining Administration - Breitbart.
GO Fox News reveals that Donald Trump’s transition team is discussing whether or not they should make Mitt Romney apologize for his personal attacks speech against Trump during the Republican primary season.
GO 50 GOP national security experts oppose Trump.
GO Washington (CNN) Fifty prominent Republican foreign policy and national security experts    many veterans of George W. Bush’s administration    have signed a letter denouncing Donald Trump’s presidential candidacy and pledging not to vote for him.
GO American, Australian kidnapped in Afghanistan, police say.
GO Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) Investigators in Afghanistan are searching for an American and an Australian who were kidnapped in western Kabul, the city’s police chief told CNN.
GO Former Rep. Patrick Kennedy: Stop calling Trump ’crazy’.
GO Washington (CNN) Patrick Kennedy, a mental health advocate and former Rhode Island congressman, penned an   Monday calling on Americans to stop calling Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ”crazy” because it demeans those who suffer from real mental health issues.
GO Gymnastics: Team USA and Simone Biles take team gold.
GO Rio de Janeiro (CNN) At just 4 feet 9 inches tall, Simone Biles might be the smallest American Olympian in Brazil, but she’s threatening to become Team USA’s biggest star of Rio 2016.
GO Melania Trump will address immigration controversy, Donald Trump says.
GO Fayetteville, North Carolina (CNN) Donald Trump announced Tuesday evening that his wife will hold a news conference ”over the next couple of weeks” to address reports that she violated immigration laws when she first came to the U. S. Trump said his wife would prove that ”she came in totally legally.”   The New York Post last week published nude photos of Melania Trump in 1995, quickly raising questions about whether the former model had obtained the appropriate visa to work as a model in the United States.
GO Turkey’s Erdogan meets with Putin.
GO St. Petersburg, Russia (CNN) Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is in the Russian city of St. Petersburg for a    meeting with his counterpart, Vladimir Putin.
GO Iran’s ex-president writes Obama on seized assets.
GO Edgartown, Massachusetts (CNN) Iran’s former   leader is pressuring President Barack Obama to return billions of dollars in seized Iranian assets, though it’s almost certain his appeals will go nowhere.
GO Quinnipiac polls: Clinton tops Trump in Ohio, Pennsylvania.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton has pulled clearly ahead in Pennsylvania and holds a slight lead over Donald Trump in Ohio, but the two are in a tight race in the crucial battleground of Florida, according to new Quinnipiac University polls of likely voters in the key swing states show.
GO Thailand: At least six blasts hit two cities within hours.
GO Bangkok (CNN) At least six explosions hit two Thai cities in a span of about 12 hours, police officials told CNN.
GO Nancy Pelosi: DNC hack is ’electronic Watergate’.
GO Washington (CNN) Amid reports that the hack of the Democratic National Committee was even broader than had been made public, the   Democrat in Congress is calling the incident an ”electronic Watergate.” Speaking to reporters on Thursday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi compared the hack to the infamous   of DNC offices at the Watergate complex that was tied back to President Richard Nixon and the White House.
GO Gary Johnson on charitable donations: ’Almost nonexistent’.
GO Las Vegas (CNN) Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson said Friday that his charitable contributions are ”negligible,” bordering on ”almost nonexistent.” The former New Mexico governor made the comments to CNN in Las Vegas after addressing a gathering of the Asian American Journalists Association.
GO New York imam, his assistant killed near mosque.
GO New York (CNN) A New York imam and his assistant were gunned down in broad daylight Saturday after prayers at a nearby mosque, police said.
GO Elaine Thompson wins women’s 100m gold at Rio 2016.
GO Rio de Janeiro (CNN) Elaine Thompson ended fellow Jamaican    ’s bid for Olympic history Saturday as she took the women’s   title in Rio.
GO Cuba’s Fidel Castro survived assassination attempts, officials say.
GO Havana, Cuba (CNN) Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro was a legendary survivor    besting what Cuban officials say were more than 600 attempts to kill him.
GO Sources: Congress to get Hillary Clinton’s FBI interview notes.
GO Washington (CNN) Members of Congress will soon receive notes from Hillary Clinton’s interview with the FBI over her private email server and they could be sent as early as Monday, according to sources.
GO Ryan Lochte, other US swimmers robbed in Rio.
GO Rio de Janeiro, Brazil (CNN) Olympic medalist Ryan Lochte and three other US swimmers were safe and cooperating with police Sunday after being robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro, the U. S. Olympic Committee said.
GO Former Bush official supporting Clinton: Trump could be economic ’disaster’.
GO Washington (CNN) Former Bush administration official Carlos Gutierrez says he will be voting for Hillary Clinton, calling Donald Trump’s economic policies a ”disaster.” The former commerce secretary under President George W. Bush said he looked at the ”totality” of the choice between the two candidates and decided on Clinton.
GO Clinton super PAC to temporarily stop airing ads some battleground states.
GO Philadelphia (CNN) Hillary Clinton’s super PAC won’t air any local ads in Virginia, Colorado and Pennsylvania from September 2 to 20, according a Priorities USA spokesman, citing strong poll numbers for Clinton in those states.
GO Simone Biles has support in another country: Belize.
GO Belize City (CNN) Simone Biles has won the hearts of Americans with her routines   with difficulty, winning gold medals in the team final,   vault and floor exercise, while also earning bronze on balance beam despite a fall.
GO Family: Son killed by neighbor who called him ’dirty Arab’ .
GO Tulsa, Oklahoma (CNN) For years, the Jabara family says, their Tulsa neighbor terrorized them.
GO Escaped Chibok girl: I miss my Boko Haram husband.
GO Abuja, Nigeria (CNN) Escaped Chibok girl Amina Ali Nkeki says she misses her Boko Haram fighter husband and is still thinking about him three months after escaping the militants’ camp.
GO US swimmer: Guards pulled guns, wanted money.
GO Rio de Janeiro (CNN) One of the US swimmers involved in an controversial incident at a Rio de Janeiro gas station said Friday that men with badges pulled guns on them and ordered them to pay money in order to leave the scene.
GO US: North Korea shrinks warning time for nuclear attack.
GO Washington (CNN) The US government is increasingly concerned that advances in North Korea’s weapons program have dramatically decreased the warning time for a nuclear attack on America or its allies, according to US officials.
GO Turkey bombs: 11 killed, nearly 300 injured .
GO Istanbul (CNN) Three bomb attacks targeting Turkish security forces in the east of the country have killed 11 people and wounded nearly 300 others, authorities said Thursday.
GO India: Three killed after kite strings slit throats.
GO New Delhi (CNN) Sharp kite strings have killed three people in India in a single day, according to police.
GO Louisiana flood: Worst US disaster since Hurricane Sandy, Red Cross says.
GO Livingston Parish, Louisiana (CNN) The catastrophic flood devastating Louisiana is now the worst natural disaster to strike the United States since Hurricane Sandy four years ago, the Red Cross said.
GO Amber Heard donates divorce settlement to charity.
GO Los Angeles (CNN) Amber Heard has made good on her promise to give the millions she received from her divorce settlement with Johnny Depp to charity.
GO Brother of boy in iconic Syrian photo dies.
GO Amman, Jordan (CNN) The brother of the Syrian boy whose impassive, bloodied and   image struck a nerve across the globe died of injuries from the airstrike this week on his family’s house in Aleppo.
GO Australian athletes fined for falsifying documents.
GO Rio de Janeiro (CNN) Nine Australian athletes were fined 10, 000 Brazilian reais (US $3, 121) each after ”tampering with their credentials” to enter a basketball arena where Australia played Serbia in the Olympics semifinal.
GO Students among 23 killed in Somalia bombings.
GO Mogadishu, Somalia (CNN) A pair of suicide car bombings struck a government building in Somalia on Sunday, killing 23 people, including two attackers, authorities said.
GO Kirk on Iran: Obama acting like ’drug dealer in chief’.
GO Washington (CNN) Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk criticized President Barack Obama for delivering money to the Iranian government in coordination with the release of Americans being held prisoner there    saying he was ”acting like the drug dealer in chief.” The comments came in a   last week with the editorial board of The State   according to the Illinois paper’s political writer.
GO Top RNC strategist to work more with Trump campaign.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s campaign and the Republican party will coordinate more closely going forward, with the GOP’s top communicator and chief strategist Sean Spicer increasingly working out of Trump campaign headquarters, the campaign confirmed Sunday.
GO Louisiana flood victim: ’It was Katrina’.
GO Denham Springs, Louisiana (CNN) Austin Schexnayder had been scrambling to salvage what he could of his home after Louisiana’s historic floods.
GO Sources: El Chapo’s son freed.
GO Mexico City (CNN) Jesus Alfredo Guzman, the    son of jailed Mexican drug lord Joaquin ”El Chapo” Guzman, has been freed after he was kidnapped a week ago in Puerto Vallarta, three sources confirmed to CNN.
GO Judge temporarily blocks Obama school transgender bathroom policy.
GO Washington (CNN) A federal judge in Texas has issued a nationwide injunction barring federal government agencies from taking action against school districts that don’t follow the Obama administration’s guidance on transgender bathroom policies in schools.
GO North Korea test fires submarine missile.
GO Seoul (CNN) North Korea test fired a   ballistic missile from its east coast on Wednesday, South Korean authorities said.
GO Ceasefire in Yemen after day of clashes, officials say.
GO Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) Government forces and rebels in Yemen agreed to a ceasefire Monday after heavy fighting in the capital, Sanaa, Yemen’s interior minister and a rebel official said.
GO How right was Romney?.
GO Washington (CNN) Mitt Romney is eyeing another shot at the White House, but many Republicans, including those who admire and respect the party’s most recent nominee, are wondering exactly what rationale he has for mounting another campaign in 2016.
GO Supreme Court backs beards in prison.
GO Washington (CNN) The Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled in favor of the religious freedom claims of a prisoner in Arkansas who wanted to grow a beard in accordance with his Muslim faith, but was blocked by the Department of Corrections’ policy that forbids beards except for diagnosed dermatological problems.
GO Yemeni government, rebels reach tentative deal.
GO Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) After days of turmoil and talks of a coup in Yemen, the government and Houthi rebels reached a tentative deal Wednesday.
GO U.S. officials say 6,000 ISIS fighters killed in battles.
GO Washington (CNN) The coalition fighting ISIS has killed more than 6, 000 fighters, including half of the top command of the terror group, U. S. diplomatic officials said Thursday.
GO Colorado woman gets 4 years for wanting to join ISIS.
GO Denver, Colorado (CNN) A federal judge gave a   prison sentence Friday to a    Colorado woman who admitted guilt in wanting to become an ISIS bride and participate in its jihad in the Mideast.
GO Strategic city falls in Nigeria’s Boko Haram battle.
GO Kano, Nigeria (CNN) Hundreds of Boko Haram gunmen on Sunday launched a predawn attack on the Nigerian city of Maiduguri and were locked in a fierce battle with government troops on the outskirts of the city, according to the military, residents and citizen vigilantes.
GO Secret Service investigating ’device’ on White House grounds.
GO Washington (CNN) The man operating the drone that crashed on the White House grounds called the U. S. Secret Service on Monday morning to ” ” his involvement in the incident.
GO The ’90s: Reliving a decade.
GO The ’90s may be over, but the decade’s influence is still evident.
GO China: Mother sells newborn boy for $7,000.
GO Hong Kong (CNN) A woman in central China has been prosecuted for selling her newborn baby for $7, 000, state media reports said, the latest of a string of shocking cases that have shed light on the country’s trade in children.
GO Indonesian military stops search for AirAsia QZ8501.
GO Jakarta, Indonesia (CNN) The Indonesian military said Tuesday that it was stopping its efforts to recover the remains of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 almost a month after the commercial jet crashed into the sea.
GO Supreme Court stays executions of three in Oklahoma.
GO Washington (CNN) In a   order, the Supreme Court on Wednesday granted a stay of execution to three inmates bringing a challenge to Oklahoma’s use of the drug midazolam as a part of its lethal injection protocol.
GO Coming out in Hollywood.
GO See photos of celebrities who have come out over the years.
GO Whitney Houston’s daughter hospitalized.
GO Atlanta (CNN) Whitney Houston’s daughter, Bobbi Kristina Brown, is on a ventilator and in intensive care, after she was found facedown and unresponsive in a bathtub full of water, a source close to the family said.
GO TransAsia plane crashes into river in Taiwan.
GO A TransAsia plane carrying 58 people hit a bridge in Taiwan’s capital, Taipei, before crashing into a river.
GO Conrad Hilton charged with assault on flight.
GO Los Angeles (CNN) Conrad Hilton, the younger brother of celebrity heiress Paris Hilton, allegedly threatened and intimidated flight attendants on a British Airways flight from London to Los Angeles last summer, using profanity, smoking in a bathroom and calling passengers ”peasants,” federal authorities said this week.
GO ISIS Mosul defense could trigger troop recommendation.
GO Washington (CNN) The U. S. military is trying to gather as much intelligence as it can about ISIS defenses in Mosul to make a key decision about whether it’s necessary to recommend American ground troops accompany Iraqi forces on the looming fight to retake Iraq’s second largest city.
GO Hong Kong housewife guilty of keeping maid as ’prisoner’.
GO Hong Kong (CNN) A Hong Kong housewife has been found guilty of imprisoning and abusing a young Indonesian maid whose case has prompted protests and calls for reform of the city’s laws governing domestic workers.
GO Is this a trial or a remake of ’Groundhog Day’?.
GO Boston (CNN) The trial of accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was supposed to have started three weeks ago.
GO The Ruth Bader Ginsburg-Antonin Scalia show.
GO Washington (CNN) Supreme Court ideological opposites Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Antonin Scalia, came together for a discussion on constitutional issues Thursday night, but their camaraderie and escapades stole the show.
GO Which states do you think are in the Midwest?.
GO           No topic provokes as much of an impassioned (and polite) discussion from our dear Midwestern friends and colleagues as which states are part of the Midwest.
GO Donald Trump wins Georgia Republican primary.
GO    Donald Trump has won the Georgia primary, according to Fox and NBC News.
GO Log Cabin Republicans Call for Obama to Say ’Radical Islam’.
GO The gay advocacy group Log Cabin Republicans is calling for President Obama to acknowledge “Radical Islamic terrorism” as the cause of the Orlando nightclub shooting.
GO CNN’s Dana Bash Praises Trump’s ’Detailed,’ ’Cogent’ Policy Speech - This Is ’a New Trump Campaign’ - Breitbart.
GO Following presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s Tuesday economic address in Monessen, PA, CNN’s Dana Bash said that congressional Republicans were pleased to hear their party’s standard bearer deliver such a “detailed” and “cogent” policy speech.
GO Brad Thor Warned That Demonizing Trump Would Lead to ‘Unprecedented Assassination Attempts’ - Breitbart.
GO Weeks before a controversial interview that ultimately led to Glenn Beck’s suspension from SiriusXM radio, author Brad Thor predicted that   agitators would commit “unprecedented assassination attempts” against Donald Trump, spurred by journalists demonizing him.
GO Friends, Family Grieve New York Air National Guardsman Killed by Taliban - Breitbart.
GO Friends and family grieved for a New York Air National Guardsman killed in southern Afghanistan’s volatile Helmand province last Monday after a Taliban suicide bomber rammed a   improvised explosive device (IED) into his patrol near Bagram Air Base, the largest U. S. military facility in the   nation.
GO MSNBC’s Ruhle: Conway ’Did Break the Glass Ceiling’ - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s broadcast of “MSNBC Live,” anchor Stephanie Ruhle stated that former Trump campaign manager and   presidential counselor Kellyanne Conway “without a doubt,” “did break the glass ceiling.
GO WATCH: Cameron Hammered On Immigration.
GO Prime Minister David Cameron was hammered by voters over his failure to reduce immigration in his last televised appearance before the European Union (EU) referendum.
GO Julieta Garibay: Trump, Rubio, and Cruz Are Saying It’s Okay To Racist Against Latino Immigrants, Using ’Hate Speech’ - Breitbart.
GO Julieta Garibay, the Campaigns Director for United We Dream Action argued that Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Texas Senator Ted Cruz, along with Senator Marco Rubio ( ) are saying ” if you’re an   if you’re racist, it’s perfectly okay to make it loud, and actually to use violence against these people” on Saturday’s “The Place for Politics” on MSNBC.
GO Rob Lowe Dings Bernie Sanders for ’Hectoring and Yelling’ at Us While Threatening to Raise Our Taxes.
GO During Monday night’s CNN Democratic town hall at Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa, actor Rob Lowe took issue with the tone of socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) who promised to raise taxes for his “Medicare for All” and other entitlement programs.
GO Survivors of Aurora Theater Massacre Ordered to Pay Cinemark $700K After Failed Lawsuit - Breitbart.
GO Four survivors of the 2012 Aurora movie theater massacre have been ordered to pay Cinemark $700, 000 in legal fees after a judge ruled the theater chain was not liable for the shooting.
GO Beck: Trump Is Creating a Conservative Version of Black Lives Matter - Breitbart.
GO Monday on his nationally syndicated talk show, Glenn Beck accused Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of creating a conservative version of Black Lives Matter.
GO AIPAC to Obama: We’re So Sorry Trump Criticized You - Breitbart.
GO The American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) apologized Tuesday to President Barack Obama for criticism by Republican frontrunner Donald J. Trump on Monday evening at the group’s annual policy conference.
GO Rapper YG to Embark on ‘F*ck Donald Trump Tour’ - Breitbart.
GO More than four months after releasing his death   protest song “F*ck Donald Trump (FDT),” California rapper YG has announced a nationwide music tour of the same name.
GO Daniel Pipes: Trump’s Muslim Immigration Policy Is Evolving for the Better - Breitbart.
GO Middle East Forum President Daniel Pipes joined Breitbart London Editor Raheem Kassam on Wednesday’s edition of Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM to talk about Republican nominee Donald Trump’s Muslim immigration policy.
GO VIDEO: Watch the Kidnapping of El Chapo’s Son.
GO A newly leaked security video shows the moments when cartel gunmen stormed an upscale restaurant in the resort town of Puerto Vallarta to kidnap the son of famed drug lord, El Chapo.
GO Poll: Clinton, Trump Tied in Maine’s Second Congressional District - Breitbart.
GO A new poll released by Maine People’s Resource Center shows that Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are in a statistical tie in Maine’s Second Congressional District.
GO Vicente Fox: Will Meet The Donald for Lunch if Trump Apologizes to Mexico, Still ’Not Paying for That Wall’ - Breitbart.
GO Former Mexican President Vicente Fox doubled down on not paying for the wall along the southern border that presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump proposed and also said he won’t have lunch with Trump unless the billionaire apologizes for language he’s used about Mexico.
GO Poll: 4 of 5 Reject Plan to Pay Killers Not to Murder with Guns.
GO A Rasmussen Reports poll released March 31 shows slightly more than four out of five Americans reject the plan for   cities to pay killers not to kill with guns.
GO U.S.-Backed ‘Moderate’ Syrian Rebels: Beheading Boy Was a ’Mistake’.
GO The horrifying decapitation of a kidnapped boy on spy accusations was “an individual” mistake, declared the U. S.    “moderate” Syrian rebel group that carried out the appalling crime, claiming that it will open an investigation into the beheading.
GO Protester to Hillary: You Are Evil and Guilty - Breitbart.
GO At a campaign rally in Los Angeles on Saturday, two protesters interrupted a Hillary Clinton by shouting that Clinton was “evil” and “guilty.
GO National Border Patrol Council: Incoming DHS Secretary John Kelly ’Has History on His Side’ for Approach to Border Security.
GO The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) cautiously applauded   Donald Trump’s selection of retired General John Kelly as the incoming secretary of Department of Homeland Security, saying it expects the administration to work with it.
GO Politico: Donald Trump Campaign ’Meltdown’ after Wisconsin Loss, Growing ’Disarray’ - Breitbart.
GO Disarray is growing inside GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s campaign with field staff being cut and an alleged conflict between Trump’s campaign manager and his new delegate strategist, according to Politico.
GO Page and McLaughlin: The FBI Will Recommend Prosecution For Hillary - Breitbart.
GO Chicago Tribune Editorial Board member Clarence Page and “McLaughlin Group” host John McLaughlin predicted the FBI will recommend Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton face prosecution for mishandling classified information on Friday.
GO VIDEO – Bill Clinton: Rebuild Detroit with Syrian Refugees - Breitbart.
GO In a previously   video from February at the Clinton Global Initiative, former President Bill Clinton suggested that the U. S. use Syrian refugees to rebuild Detroit.
GO Frontex Chief: 300,000 More Migrants Headed from Africa to Europe.
GO The director of the agency for the control of the external borders of the European Union (EU) has predicted that as many as 300, 000 new migrants will be heading up from   Africa into Europe, most of whom will attempt to reach Italy as first port of call.
GO Rick Perry Attacked for Keeping His Word.
GO Former Texas Governor and   presidential candidate Rick Perry is being attacked by conservative media outlets for, of all things, keeping his word.
GO Watch: Clinton Campaign Manager Mook Defends Lack of Press Conferences - Breitbart.
GO Amid rising concerns of the connections between the Clinton Foundation and her State Department, Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager Robby Mook defended the lack of press conferences given by his candidate during the Wednesday edition of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe.
GO Kellyanne Conway Turns Down Job as Trump Press Secretary - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway has revealed she turned down the role of White House press secretary for the Trump administration, instead choosing to focus on her young family.
GO Wall Street Journal: Clinton Foundation’s Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Bill Clinton - Breitbart.
GO James V. Grimaldi and Anupreeta Das report in the Wall Street Journal that a “[h]acked email memo published by WikiLeaks details lucrative arrangements made for Bill Clinton” by two top Clinton Foundation fundraisers who “pressed corporate donors to steer business opportunities” to the former president.
GO WATCH: Milo Yiannopoulos Quizzes White House Press Secretary On Free Speech Online - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos was at the White House on Friday, where he asked Press Secretary Josh Earnest a range of questions on topics from free speech to the political bias of social media companies.
GO Marco Rubio: Obama Should Not Appoint Supreme Court Justice - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) does not believe that President Obama should nominate a Supreme Court Justice to replace Justice Antonin Scalia who passed away on Saturday.
GO 3 Creepiest Things Discovered Within Oculus Rift’s Terms of Service &amp Privacy Policy - Breitbart.
GO Some unsettling details have been discovered within the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy for virtual headset the Oculus Rift, including points about questionable data collection and creator copyrights.
GO Clinton Cash: Bill Heads to Sacramento to Collect for Hillary.
GO Former President Bill Clinton is set to continue a fundraising jaunt though California on Monday, during which he will rally with state labor leaders and attend a series of pricey fundraisers to collect cash for his wife Hillary’s presidential campaign at scheduled stops in the Central Valley and in Sacramento.
GO CNN’s Stelter on Clinton Health Scare: For an Hour and a Half the Press Didn’t Know Where She Was - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” while commenting on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton having to leave during the   memorial service, host Brian Stelter said, “For an hour and a half the press pool that travels with her didn’t exactly know where she was.
GO Revealed: Cities With Most Migrants Suffer Greatest Drops In Standard Of Living.
GO Stunning figures from the European Commission (EC) reveal that cities with the most migrants claim to have the worst standard of living.
GO Sperling: Trump is Reaching the Worst Instincts In People - Breitbart.
GO Thursday in South Carolina at the Politico event on the economy and the election, Gene Sperling, the former director of the National Economic Council under Presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama, slammed Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and declared he was “reaching the worst instincts in people.
GO State Department Spokesman Laughs at ’Transparency’.
GO A spokesman for the U. S. Department of State broke out laughing at a Thursday press conference after introducing the event as an exercise in “transparency” and democracy.
GO After Brexit Geert Wilders Vows To Push ’Nexit’ At Forthcoming Elections.
GO Eurosceptic Dutch politician Geert Wilders has vowed to push ahead with plans for a referendum to leave the European Union (EU) in the wake of Britain’s Brexit vote.
GO Ford CEO: Trump Wrong About Mexico Move, ’We Are a Global Company’ - Breitbart.
GO The CEO of Ford Motor Company dodged CNN’s Poppy Harlow‘s question to him about whether Donald J. Trump was right when he said Ford will fire all of its employees in the United States and move all the jobs to Mexico.
GO How Caddell Got It Right: ’This Is the Rising of the People’ - Breitbart.
GO In discussing last night’s historic victory for Republican Donald Trump, pollster and analyst Pat Caddell told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday, “It’s what I’ve been talking about for a couple of years, the alienation, the discontent and finally this year with Donald Trump, the people found a vehicle.
GO Donald Trump Pulls Attack Ad on Ted Cruz, Replacing with Positive Message - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s campaign is pulling an attack ad against Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) to replace it with a more positive message in South Carolina.
GO Day After Election, GM Announces 2,000 Layoffs in Ohio, Michigan.
GO The day after the 2016 election for president, General Motors announced it was laying off another 2, 000 workers in plants in Ohio and Michigan, two states that gave   Donald Trump a major victory on Tuesday.
GO New York Observer: Megyn Kelly 2016 Is Candy Crowley 2012 - Breitbart.
GO Ken Kurson, the Editor of the New York Observer, compares Megyn Kelly to Candy Crowley: the “Fox anchor blows [a] critical fact, but media awarded cred for attacking GOP candidates (especially Donald Trump).
GO Islamist Threat Issued Against Heathrow Airport.
GO Islamists claiming allegiance to Islamic State have issued a threat against Heathrow, LAX and JFK airports, warning that one of them would be targeted over the July 4th weekend.
GO Commission to Scotland: No Easy Way to Remain in EU - Breitbart.
GO The European Commission (EC) have knocked back Nicola Sturgeon’s ambitions for Scotland to stay in the European Union (EU) in the wake of ‘Brexit’.
GO Exclusive: Mark Levin Confirmed To Speak At CPAC - Breitbart.
GO Conservative talk radio host and bestselling author, Mark Levin, will speak at the American Conservative Union (ACU) Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) Breitbart News has learned exclusively.
GO Breitbart’s Patrick Howley: I Quit Twitter. You Should, Too.
GO Breitbart News investigative reporter Patrick Howley said Saturday that he has quit Twitter, and he encouraged likeminded patriots to do the same.
GO Comey: It Would Be a ’Double Standard’ If Hillary Was Prosecuted for Gross Negligence - Breitbart.
GO Thursday at a House Oversight Committee hearing on the FBI’s investigation and conclusions into presumptive Democratic presidential front nominee Hillary Clinton’s use of private unsecured email servers during her tenure as secretary of state, FBI Director James Comey said it would be a “double standard” if Clinton were prosecuted for gross negligence.
GO Donald Trump Is Meeting With Mexico’s President on Wednesday - Breitbart.
GO Republican nominee for president Donald J. Trump is making a brief trip to meet top government officials in Mexico on Wednesday, just prior to his anticipated speech on immigration at the Phoenix Convention Center.
GO Donald Trump, Jr: Cruz Can Only Win By ’Bribing The Delegates’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s son Donald Trump, Jr. said Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) can only win the Republican presidential nomination by “bribing the delegates.
GO Poland Reneges on Pledge to Take 7,000 Migrants Following Brussels Attack.
GO Poland has dropped its pledge to the European Union (EU) to take in 7, 000 migrants, saying it cannot allow what happened in Brussels on Tuesday to be repeated in Poland.
GO Underdog Claudia Tenney Beats Establishment in New York Primary.
GO Underdog conservative Assemblywoman Claudia Tenney defeated a   Republican Establishment effort in her Tuesday congressional primary in New York.
GO Why the Colombian People Rejected a Flawed ‘Peace’ Plan.
GO Much as when Britons rebuffed the pleadings of international busybodies with their votes for Brexit, the Colombian people defied international expectations by voting to reject a “peace” plan with a   conspiracy that has ravaged their country for five decades.
GO No, Senator Kaine, Tax Cuts Did Not Cause the Great Recession.
GO In Tuesday’s   debate, Tim Kaine repeated a new economic theory brought to the national stage by Hillary Clinton in the first presidential debate: that the Bush tax cuts of 2003 somehow caused the Great Recession.
GO Champion the Rosary, Save the World?.
GO ‘The Virgin Mary and her rosary saved my life,” writes Father Donald Calloway, a priest with the Marian Fathers of the Immaculate Conception, in his new book, Champions of the Rosary: The History and Heroes of a Spiritual Weapon.
GO Barnard Event: Zumba Is ‘Cultural Appropriation’.
GO Barnard College is hosting a lecture later this month titled “Health at the Expense of Cultural Appropriation: Yoga and Zumba.
GO Florida Judge Rules Voter-Registration Deadline Must Be Extended.
GO U. S. District Judge Mark Walker on Monday night ruled in favor of the Florida Democratic party’s demand that the   deadline be extended in the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew.
GO CUNY Prof: I Was Accused of Sexual Harassment for Saying Effort Is 10 Percent of the Grade.
GO A professor at Brooklyn College of City University of New York was forced to change his syllabus after a portion stating that effort was 10 percent of the grade was deemed “sexual harassment.
GO No, the Election Isn’t Rigged.
GO Donald Trump is playing the sore loser, and he hasn’t even lost yet.
GO Which Party Will Hold the Senate and House?.
GO Which party is going to control the House and hold a majority in the Senate in January 2017?
GO So Much (for) Winning.
GO Donald Trump entered the Republican presidential primaries vowing that he would show the Republican party how to win again.
GO Tufts University’s Greek Students Warned Their Costumes Could Be Investigated by Campus Cops.
GO Student leaders in Tufts University’s Greek system wrote a letter warning members that they might be investigated by campus police if they choose to wear politically incorrect Halloween costumes.
GO Barack Obama Is 2016’s Biggest Winner.
GO Who in American politics is having a better year than Barack Obama?
GO The FBI’s October Surprise Is Devastating for Hillary Clinton.
GO On Friday afternoon, the FBI uncorked the mother of all October surprises, announcing in a letter to Congress that it has   its investigation of Hillary Clinton’s “personal email server.
GO Chico State Athletic Program: Don’t Say Offensive Words Like ‘Coward’ and ‘Spaz’.
GO California State University, Chico’s athletic program has launched a “We Don’t Say” initiative instructing players not to use words like “coward” or “spaz” to ensure “care and inclusivity.
GO Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to join White House as senior adviser; no formal role for Ivanka Trump.
GO          Jared Kushner, the    of   Donald Trump and one of his closest confidants, will join the White House as a senior adviser to the president, Trump announced Monday, while a lawyer assisting the family said that Kushner’s wife, Ivanka Trump, will not immediately take on a formal role.
GO Navy destroyer opens fire after ‘harassing’ behavior by Iranian patrol boats.
GO      A Navy destroyer opened fire Sunday in the Strait of Hormuz after four Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps patrol boats acted in a way that a U. S. defense official described as “harassing.
GO Trump outlines plan to shift assets, give up management of his company.
GO    Donald Trump will shift his assets into a trust managed by his sons and give up management of his private company, a step that will help the businessman move closer to resolving potential conflicts of interest.
GO Six Volkswagen executives indicted in emissions-cheating scandal.
GO          Federal prosecutors indicted six executives at German automaker Volkswagen on Wednesday in connection with the company’s diesel emissions scandal.
GO Justice Department inspector general to investigate pre-election actions by department and FBI.
GO          The Justice Department inspector general will review broad allegations of misconduct involving FBI Director James B. Comey and how he handled the probe of Hillary Clinton’s email practices, the inspector general announced Thursday.
GO EPA: Fiat Chrysler software enabled emissions cheating.
GO          The Environmental Protection Agency accused Fiat Chrysler on Thursday of installing software that enables certain diesel trucks to emit far more pollutants than emissions laws allow.
GO Sunday afternoon’s Steelers-Chiefs game postponed until evening because of ice storm.
GO      Sunday afternoon’s divisional playoff game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Kansas City Chiefs has been moved to 8:20 p. m. EDT because of Winter Storm Jupiter, which is expected to coat the city in a layer of ice as it sets in over the Great Plains.
GO Trump’s administration will regulate Trump’s businesses, raising prospect of conflicts.
GO    Airplanes belonging to Donald Trump’s businesses will be inspected over the next four years by employees of the Federal Aviation Administration that he will lead.
GO Trump: German automakers will pay tariff on cars built outside U.S..
GO        Donald Trump threatened German automakers with a hefty import tax if they plan to sell cars in the United States that were built in other countries, repeating a claim that has shaken the global automotive industry and its biggest players at home and abroad.
GO More than 30 Democratic lawmakers now skipping Trump’s inauguration.
GO      A growing group of Democratic lawmakers will boycott   Donald Trump’s inauguration Friday as a protest of Trump’s worldview and his criticism of civil rights icon John Lewis, congressman of Georgia.
GO 18 million would lose insurance in first year of Obamacare repeal without replacement, CBO report says.
GO          At least 18 million people would lose health insurance in the first year if Republicans move ahead with plans to repeal major portions of the Affordable Care Act without a replacement plan, estimates a report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office.
GO UC President Janet Napolitano hospitalized with cancer.
GO      University of California President Janet Napolitano has been diagnosed with cancer and was hospitalized this week after experiencing side effects related to her treatment, the UC system disclosed Tuesday.
GO Trump budget nominee failed to pay $15,000 in taxes related to household employee.
GO        Donald Trump’s pick to lead the White House budget office, Rep. Mick Mulvaney, failed to pay more than $15, 000 in state and federal employment taxes for a household employee, according to a disclosure form obtained by The Washington Post.
GO Former president George H.W. Bush hospitalized in Houston; Barbara Bush also under care.
GO          Former president George H. W. Bush was under observation at an intensive care unit in Houston on Wednesday after being treated for an “acute respiratory problem stemming from pneumonia,” according to a statement from his office.
GO Trump’s treasury nominee defends foreclosure practices, ties to offshore entities.
GO          Treasury secretary nominee Steven T. Mnuchin defended his ties to offshore business entities and his management of a controversial California bank during a testy confirmation hearing on Thursday.
GO CIA documents expose internal agency feud over psychologists leading interrogation program.
GO       Newly released CIA documents expose a bitter internal feud over the qualifications and ethics of two former military psychologists who pushed the agency to adopt interrogation methods widely condemned as torture.
GO Inauguration protesters vandalize, set fires, try to disrupt Trump’s oath, as police arrest more than 200.
GO            Protesters made themselves heard in the nation’s capital Friday, leaving a trail of damage along some city blocks, disrupting security checkpoints at President Donald Trump’s inauguration, and clashing with police as Trump supporters tried to celebrate.
GO Trump’s press secretary lashes out at press, calling crowd coverage ‘shameful and wrong’.
GO          President Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, on Saturday used his first media briefing to angrily lambaste the press for its coverage of the new administration, claiming reporters had deliberately sought to minimize the “enormous” crowd at Trump’s   on Friday.
GO Why Europe was alarmed by Trump’s inaugural address.
GO      Was Europe in any way reassured by what we heard from President Trump in his inaugural address?
GO Dippin’ Dots to Sean Spicer: ‘We’ve seen your tweets and would like to be friends’.
GO      While most people were focused on the fallout of White House press secretary Sean Spicer’s     fiery first media briefing, the A. V. Club was busy unearthing news of a different sort: that Spicer had been “waging a quiet,   Twitter feud” for years with none other than Dippin’ Dots, the   ice cream.
GO Trump’s appeal divides Tea Party loyalties in crucial states.
GO As the Republican race moves to the crucial battlegrounds of Ohio and Florida among three other states on Tuesday, Tea Party support promises to help Trump’s campaign offset its relative lack of    organization compared to Texas Senator Cruz, his closest rival nationally.
GO Argentina, creditors agree to $155 million more in default settlement: mediator.
GO Pollack’s announcement brings the total amount of settlements agreed in principle with U. S. creditors for more than the original $6.
GO Paul Ryan says he will not be rushed into a Trump endorsement.
GO      House Speaker Paul D. Ryan said Wednesday he will not be rushed into an endorsement of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, tamping down speculation that he was moving toward a declaration of support.
GO Peter Thiel had no reason to be angry at Gawker for writing that he’s gay.
GO        This week, media circles buzzed over the news that wrestler Hulk Hogan’s lawsuit against Gawker Media has been bankrolled by a surprising patron: billionaire venture capitalist Peter Thiel.
GO 11 people struck by lightning during child’s birthday party in Paris park.
GO      Lightning struck 11 people, including eight children, who had gathered in a Paris for a child’s birthday party Saturday, officials said.
GO ‘It could have been very bad’: Gorilla killed after boy falls into Cincinnati zoo exhibit.
GO        A gorilla was fatally shot at an Ohio zoo this weekend after it picked up a young boy who had tumbled into an exhibit, officials said.
GO Kidnapped soccer star Alan Pulido rescued in Mexico.
GO      Soccer star Alan Pulido was rescued late Sunday night by Mexican police following his kidnapping about 24 hours earlier in the northern Mexico border state of Tamaulipas, authorities said.
GO One group Trump donated to benefits fundraisers, not veterans.
GO        One of the charities that Donald Trump selected to receive a donation from his veterans’ fundraiser is a group with a rating of ”F” from CharityWatch, and has been criticized in the past for spending less than half of its incoming donations on programs that help veterans.
GO The new president of the Philippines says many slain journalists deserved it.
GO      Many slain journalists in the Philippines had been corrupt and had ”done something” to warrant being killed, the country’s   said.
GO Report: Kenneth Starr resigns as chancellor at Baylor University.
GO      Kenneth Starr, demoted last week from his position as president of Baylor University, also will step down as chancellor of the Christian school in Texas, ESPN reported Wednesday.
GO America’s jobs market has had a great 2016. Will it last?.
GO      For the first time since the recession ended, America’s job market has been firing on all cylinders: Workers have been finding more jobs, making more money and spending more of their paychecks.
GO Can Trump ride white anger into the White House? A new analysis suggests it’s a fantasy..
GO      THE MORNING PLUM: A new analysis published this morning by FiveThirtyEight’s Dave Wasserman casts still more doubt on one of the most cherished narratives of the 2016 cycle: That Donald Trump might, just might, be able to surprise all of us and win the White House by activating millions of   missing white voters with his bluster, bigotry, and all around bigness.
GO After secret Harvard meeting, scientists announce plans for synthetic human genomes.
GO      Three weeks ago, 130 scientists, entrepreneurs and policy leaders held an     meeting at Harvard University to discuss an ambitious plan to create synthetic human genomes.
GO The 100 greatest descriptions of Donald Trump’s hair ever written.
GO      The first known published description of Donald Trump’s hair, as an entity that deserved its own description, was mild.
GO Florida man buried his boss in dirt using a front-end loader, police say.
GO      A Florida man buried his boss nearly   in dirt during an argument at a construction site that ended in serious injuries, according to police.
GO Why 70 percent of kids quit sports by age 13.
GO      According to a poll from the National Alliance for Youth Sports, around 70 percent of kids in the United States stop playing organized sports by the age of 13 because “it’s just not fun anymore.
GO Let’s narrow down which judges wouldn’t be demographically biased against Donald Trump.
GO        Donald Trump has insisted over the past two weeks that the judge overseeing the Trump University fraud case cannot act impartially because he is ”Mexican” (later: ”of Mexican heritage”).
GO Can Donald Trump save this moderate congresswoman with his first endorsement?.
GO      The story of how Donald Trump is dividing Republicans in strange ways can be told by his first endorsement of a GOP congressional candidate.
GO How the world’s most legendary photo agency is celebrating its 70th year.
GO Magnum Photos, probably the most famous and legendary photo agency in the world, is turning 70 next year.
GO What Hillary Clinton would do to America.
GO      Hillary Clinton has accumulated enough support to secure victory in the Democratic primary, advancing to face a Republican opponent almost no one predicted at this time last year.
GO Washington National Cathedral to remove Confederate battle flags from its windows.
GO      Washington National Cathedral, one of the country’s most visible houses of worship, announced Wednesday that it would remove Confederate battle flags that are part of two large   windows honoring Confederate generals Stonewall Jackson and Robert E. Lee.
GO Why President Obama was itching to endorse Hillary Clinton.
GO        Bernie Sanders had barely made it back to Capitol Hill after his meeting with President Obama at the White House when the news broke: Obama was endorsing Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination.
GO What should be the restroom sign of the future?.
GO Now that the potty wars have ended up in federal courts, it’s clear transgender access to bathrooms won’t be resolved soon.
GO Inside the hate-filled mind of a mass murderer.
GO        Whether the words come from politicians, pundits or the general public, they’ve all been been heard before    in Oklahoma City and Charleston, S. C. in Sandy Hook, Conn. and San Bernardino, Calif. And now in Orlando: ”Hatred,” ”bigotry,” a ”twisted ideology,” a ”poisoned psychology.” But in the grim aftermath of Sunday’s carnage at a gay nightclub in Florida, with at least 49 dead and 53 wounded, what can science tell us about the motivations of a mass murderer?
GO WHO: Zika risk not high enough to postpone or move 2016 Olympics.
GO      The World Health Organization on Tuesday said the Olympics do not need to be moved from Rio de Janeiro or postponed because there is ”a very low risk” that holding the games there will cause further spread of the   Zika virus.
GO At White House staff picnic, Biden says, seven women told him they’d been raped.
GO      Speaking at the United State of Women summit in Washington on Tuesday, Vice President Biden said that seven women he met on a rope line at a White House picnic Monday told him they had been raped.
GO Who should replace Daveed Diggs in ‘Hamilton’?.
GO He got the job done, and now the Tony   “Hamilton” star Daveed Diggs is dropping the mic for good.
GO Marco Rubio says he will reconsider leaving Senate.
GO        Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, who pledged for months not to seek   to the Senate as he waged an   campaign for the Republican presidential nomination, said Wednesday that he is rethinking that decision and could enter the race as soon as next week.
GO ‘We are devastated,’ family says of toddler killed in alligator attack at Disney resort.
GO        The family of a    boy snatched by an alligator at a Disney resort said Thursday that they were “devastated” by the child’s death and asked “for privacy during this extremely difficult time.
GO CDC: 6 pregnancies in Zika-infected women resulted in birth defects.
GO      Three women in the U. S. mainland infected with the Zika virus have delivered infants with birth defects and three others have lost or terminated pregnancies because their fetuses suffered brain damage from the virus, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Thursday.
GO Orlando gunman exchanged text messages with wife, searched Facebook during standoff.
GO        The gunman who carried out a shooting rampage in Orlando on Sunday exchanged text messages with his wife on the day of the attack, according to a U. S. law enforcement official, communications that are being looked at as part of a sprawling investigation scrutinizing the gunman as well as his digital footprint.
GO The work of Hector Garcia: He ‘photographed the soul of Mexico’.
GO      Héctor García was described by Conaculta President Consuelo Saizar as a man who “photographed the soul of Mexico.
GO ‘Brexit’ could send shock waves across U.S. and global economy.
GO      Britain’s departure from the European Union could send shock waves across the global economy and threaten more than a trillion dollars in investment and trade with the United States.
GO Worst Week in Washington? It’s Donald Trump. Again..
GO      Donald Trump has proven very good at one thing since securing the Republican presidential nomination on May 3: Having really, really bad weeks.
GO Decades-old letters belonging to President Obama’s father are discovered in Harlem.
GO      An archivist has discovered a rare collection of more than two dozen letters and documents from President Obama’s father that were written more than a   ago as he was trying to make his way in the United States.
GO Gay Orlando grapples with first Saturday after Pulse: ‘I feel like I have to be out’.
GO       As the first horrible week in Orlando came to a close, Evan Fagin was feeling what other LGBT friends were also feeling: a muggy sadness that felt like it maybe hadn’t gotten to its worst yet, even while the rest of the country slid on.
GO Town hall questions for real candidates: What to ask the Libertarian ticket.
GO      CNN, in what we hope will be a trend, is hosting a town hall Wednesday with the Libertarian ticket, former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson and former Massachusetts governor Bill Weld.
GO Remembering Len Bias 30 years after his death: ‘He was It.’.
GO      Sometimes, it is simply impossible not to close your eyes and wonder what would have been if, 30 years ago Sunday, Len Bias had not died of a cocaine overdose two days after becoming the No.
GO What the Orlando gunman told the police during his rampage.
GO        As he talked on the phone with dispatchers and crisis negotiators from the bathroom of the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, gunman Omar Mateen said that a vehicle outside contained explosives and that he would “ignite it” if police tried to “do anything stupid,” according to a partial transcript released by the FBI on Monday.
GO For some growers, farmers markets just aren’t what they used to be.
GO        For Zach Lester,   of Tree and Leaf Farm in Unionville, Va. farmers markets have traditionally been a gathering of the tribe as much as a collection of freshly harvested fruits and vegetables.
GO South Carolina school district agrees to accommodate transgender student after facing federal pressure.
GO      Facing pressure from the U. S. Department of Education, a South Carolina school district has agreed to allow a transgender student to use the bathroom of her choice and will revise its policies to bar discrimination based on gender identity.
GO Marco Rubio will seek Senate reelection, reversing pledge not to run.
GO      Sen. Marco Rubio said Wednesday he will seek reelection to the Senate, reversing a pledge he made a year ago to either assume the presidency or return to private life in Florida.
GO Donald Trump had no choice but to give his campaign almost $50 million.
GO      Donald Trump did something Thursday that you might not think is all that big a deal: He forgave more than $50 million in personal loans to his presidential campaign.
GO Fact-checking Donald Trump’s attack on Hillary Clinton.
GO        Republican Donald Trump gave a speech on June 22 attacking Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, in    speeches by the two presumptive presidential nominees aimed at undermining each other’s credentials.
GO Led Zeppelin did not plagiarize ‘Stairway to Heaven,’ jury rules.
GO        There will be no new names added to the writing credits of one of the most famous rock songs in history: On Thursday, a Los Angeles jury found that Led Zeppelin did not plagiarize the opening chords of its defining song, “Stairway to Heaven,” despite allegations leveled by the psychedelic rock band Spirit.
GO A sharp spike in racist incidents reported after the Brexit vote.
GO      After Thursday’s referendum on a ”Brexit,” a wave of racist incidents have been reported to British police and documented in widely shared social media posts.
GO Puerto Rico rescue bill clears Congress days before debt cliff.
GO      Rescue legislation aimed at helping Puerto Rico address its mounting fiscal crisis cleared Congress Wednesday, two days before the U. S. territory is set to default on roughly $2 billion in debt payments.
GO 15 Marine drill instructors face allegations of hazing and assault at Parris Island.
GO      The Marine Corps is investigating allegations of hazing, physical abuse and assault against 15 drill instructors at the Parris Island recruit depot, Marine officials said Wednesday, broadening the scope of a probe first disclosed after the death of a Muslim recruit in March.
GO 107 Nobel laureates sign letter blasting Greenpeace over GMOs.
GO        More than 100 Nobel laureates have signed a letter urging Greenpeace to end its opposition to genetically modified organisms (GMOs).
GO Tesla driver using autopilot killed in crash.
GO        A Tesla driver was killed in a collision in Florida with a tractor trailer while the vehicle was in ”Autopilot” mode, the car maker announced Thursday.
GO The technology behind the Tesla crash, explained.
GO        The crash that killed a Tesla driver in Florida when his car struck a   may mark the world’s first fatal accident in which a computer was at the wheel.
GO 5 planes wrote ’Trump is disgusting’ in the air over California’s annual Rose Parade.
GO ’’ ’PASADENA, Calif. (Reuters)   Five planes flew over the annual Rose Parade in Pasadena, California, on Friday writing messages in the sky that included ”America is great!
GO The new mayor of a Mexican city was killed in her home.
GO ’’ ’MEXICO CITY (Reuters)   The newly installed mayor of the Mexican city of Temixco was killed on Saturday, according to a tweet from Morelos state Governor Graco Ramirez.’ ’Gisela Mota formally took office with the new year on Friday.
GO A wild new Tesla feature lets a car park itself without anyone in the car.
GO ’’ ’Tesla car owners already get a lot of attention on the road when they cruise around in the slick,   vehicles.’ ”But now they’re sure to get even more stares, thanks to a   new trick that Tesla cars can perform.” ’A new ”Summon” feature allows Telsa cars to park themselves, driving completely autonomously, without anyone in the actual automobile.’ ’The Summon feature is part of the new 7.
GO PUTIN: The deterioration of Russia’s relationship with the West is the result of many ’mistakes’.
GO ’’ ’Russian President Vladimir Putin told the German daily newspaper BILD that he believes Russia’’s deteriorating relationship with the West was the result of many ”mistakes” made by NATO, the US and Russia after the collapse of the Soviet Union.’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ”Russia’s annexation of Crimea in March of 2014, Putin told BILD, was simply the Kremlin’s way of protecting the people of Crimea from being confined within the borders imposed upon them by the US and Europe after the West claimed victory in the Cold War.” ’’ ’’ ’’ ’”We were too late,” he said.
GO Chinese yuan fixes stronger, stocks tumble.
GO ’’ ’Starting the new trading week as they left off, Chinese markets are yet again dominating investor sentiment across Asia.’ ’The session so far has followed the same pattern seen on Friday.’ ’Surprising markets for the second consecutive session, the People’s Bank of China announced a stronger than expected yuan fixing for Monday, setting the   rate at 6.
GO Jamie Foxx just made the perfect Steve Harvey Joke while presenting at the Golden Globes.
GO ’’ ”Steve Harvey couldn’t escape the 73rd Golden Globe ceremony unscathed.” ’While presenting the award for Best Original Score, Jamie Foxx made a dig at Harvey who mistakenly announced the wrong winner at the Miss Universe pageant in December.
GO After over a year of silence, a mysterious online puzzle has returned with a cryptic tweet.
GO ’’ ’The anonymous group behind a bizarre online puzzle, known only as “Cicada 3301,” or 3301 for short, has ended more than a year of silence .
GO Democratic campaign erupts into firefight after Bernie Sanders ad criticizes Hillary Clinton on Wall Street.
GO ’’ ”Former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign pounced on Thursday after her chief primary rival, US Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) swiped at her in a television ad.” ’The Sanders ad never mentioned Clinton by name, but it did take an implicit shot at the Democratic   for her support on Wall Street.’ ’”There are two Democratic visions for regulating Wall Street.
GO Goldman just got wiped out.
GO ’’ ”Goldman Sachs’   earnings essentially just got wiped out.” ’The bank said on Thursday that it will pay a $5 billion settlement related to residential   securities it sold between 2005 and 2007.’ ’Under the terms of the settlement, Goldman will pay a $2.
GO Patriots’ Danny Amendola unleashed a dirty hit on a Chiefs player, and there was practically no penalty.
GO ’’ ”In the first half of the New England Patriots divisional AFC playoff game against the Kansas City Chiefs, Patriots wide receiver Danny Amendola landed a dirty hit on Chiefs’ cornerback Jamell Fleming.” ”Amendola was receiving the punt, when Fleming made a good play to trap the ball near the Patriots’ goal line.” ’As Fleming went to catch the ball, Amendola speared him, ramming Fleming right under his chin with the crown of his helmet.’ ”Here’s the play:” ’’
GO Report: 3 Americans kidnapped in Iraq.
GO ’’ ’Three Americans contractors have been kidnapped by ”militias” in the Iraqi capital Baghdad, the   news channel Al Arabiya reported on Sunday, citing its own sources.’ ’The Americans went missing two days ago, said a senior security official in Baghdad, .’ ’”A company filed a report Sunday about three of its staff going missing two days ago.
GO Trump on God: ’I don’t like to have to ask for forgiveness’.
GO ’’ ” Donald Trump says he still doesn’t regret his decision not to ask God for forgiveness for his sins.” ”In an interview on Sunday with CNN, the Republican presidential frontrunner said that he does not regret never asking God for forgiveness, partially because he says he doesn’t have much to apologize for.” ’”I have great relationship with God.
GO Donald Trump says he’s going to make Apple build computers in the US.
GO ’’ ’If elected, presidential candidate Donald Trump plans to make Apple start ”building their damn computers and things in this country instead of other countries.
GO A Taco Bell exec who was fired after allegedly attacking an Uber driver is now suing him for $5 million.
GO ’’ ’A former Taco Bell executive who was fired last year after he allegedly attacked an Uber driver is now suing that driver for $5 million, claiming that the video was recorded without his consent, according to court documents seen by ’ ’In October 2015, driver Edward Caban picked up passenger Benjamin Golden.
GO A new poll shows Bernie Sanders annihilating Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire.
GO ’’ ’A new poll released on Tuesday found US Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) with an unprecedented lead over Democratic presidential rival Hillary Clinton in the first primary state of New Hampshire.’ ” Sanders’ New Hampshire support has soared to 60% among likely Democratic voters.
GO Martin Shkreli is looking for a new lawyer.
GO ”Days before Martin Shkreli’s next scheduled court appearance, the infamous former pharma CEO is seeking a new lawyer.” ’Shkreli is in the process of finding a new attorney, according to a letter from his current lawyer, Marcus Asner, to Judge Kiyo Matsumoto, as .’ ” Shkreli if the change in lawyers had anything to do with Shkreli’s recent online presence or ” ’Shkreli told the paper that this is ”a dumb theory.
GO The 10 best iPhone apps you should use in 2016.
GO ’’ ”There’s no shortage of great apps out there, but we’ve gathered 10 of the most interesting, useful iPhone apps you may not have used yet.” ’Here are the apps you should start using in 2016:’
GO Billionaire investor Steve Mandel’s strategy can be summarized in one word.
GO ”There is one word at the center of Steve Mandel’s investment strategy: internet.” ’Lone Pine Capital, the hedge fund led by the billionaire ”Tiger Cub,” is betting on companies that dominate the web in 2016, according to a letter sent to Lone Pine’’s Cascade fund’’s investors dated January 15.’ ”Those companies with business models that continue to get crushed by the internet will form the fund’s short portfolio, the letter said.” ”Here’s the excerpt:” ’’ ’’ ”Meanwhile, Lone Pine’s Cyprus fund rose 4.
GO Yahoo reportedly rejected ’several’ offers to buy its core business.
GO ’’ ’Yahoo is reported to have rejected ”several” offers to take over its core internet business, ’ ’It said the potential buyers included a   firm, citing three anonymous sources.’ ’The report added that Yahoo will most likely announce its next strategic steps only after its earnings, which is scheduled for February 2.’ ’One of the sources told Reuters that Yahoo will present its future plan during the earnings call in order to ”gauge shareholder reaction.
GO Former Oklahoma policeman sentenced to 263 years in prison for raping 4 women.
GO ’’ ’A former Oklahoma City police officer convicted of raping four women and sexually assaulting several others while he was on duty was sentenced on Thursday to 263 years in prison, the maximum allowable sentence.’ ’In December, an Oklahoma City jury found Daniel, 29, guilty on 18 of 36 charges of sexual assault, including rape.
GO 17 pictures of Roger Federer before he was a fashion icon.
GO ’Roger Federer has become such a fashion icon in the tennis world that even .’ ”But while Federer, who is currently competing for his 18th grand slam title at the Australian Open, has been a bit of a fashion icon on the tennis circuit in recent years, it wasn’t always the case.” ’In fact, a quick look back reminds us that making questionable fashion and style choices was the norm for Federer early in his career.’
GO Morgan Stanley just announced 156 new managing directors.
GO ’Morgan Stanley just released a list of its newest managing directors.’ ”This year’s list has 156 names, up from 151 last year.” ’’ ’’ ’’ ’ named 425 new managing directors in November.
GO One of the world’s best value investors has a warning about those Silicon Valley ’unicorns’.
GO ’’ ’Legendary value investor Seth Klarman has a warning about Silicon Valley unicorns, the startups valued at $1 billion or more.’ ”Here’s Klarman in his fund’s 2015   letter:” ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’Its public investments lost 6.
GO Courts to decide the state of Sumner Redstone’s health.
GO Philippe Dauman is in charge of Viacom, but   is in charge of its aging controlling shareholder, as an LA court ruled Monday that a legal battle over Sumner Redstone’s health care will go to trial.
GO Report: Caitlyn Jenner Plans Nude Photo Shoot after Gender Reassignment Surgery.
GO Caitlyn Jenner is reportedly planning to bare it all in a nude photo shoot after undergoing gender reassignment surgery earlier this year.
GO Fourth Grade Teacher Will Not Let Students Watch Trump’s Inauguration Speech.
GO A fourth grade teacher from Michigan will not permit his students to watch   Donald Trump’s inauguration speech Friday.
GO Donald Trump to London: U.S. Will Help, ‘We Are With You. God Bless’ - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump announced that the U. S. will help London and the United Kingdom in any way possible in a tweet issued shortly after two new terror incidents hit London on Saturday night.
GO House Republican Leaders Fear Evan McMullin May Have Spied on Them - Breitbart.
GO Sources within House Republican leadership told Breitbart News on Thursday that they believe former 2016 presidential candidate Evan McMullin may have spied on them last year, while he was policy director of the House Republican Conference.
GO Store Owner Fights Back, Fatally Shoots Two Robbery Suspects, Wounds Third - Breitbart.
GO A car audio store owner in Downey, California fought back against three armed robbery suspects Monday, shooting two fatally and wounding the third.
GO Lagerfeld: Meryl Streep Wanted Money to Wear Chanel to Oscars.
GO Iconic fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld claims Meryl Streep wanted to be paid to wear one of his Chanel dresses to the 2017 Academy Awards.
GO Barbra Streisand Blames Sexism for Hillary Clinton’s ’Heartbreaking’ Loss.
GO Singer Barbra Streisand has suggested that America’s misogynistic tendencies are to blame for former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s loss in the 2016 campaign.
GO Flashback - Kathy Griffin: ’Happy to Deliver Beat Down’ to Barron Trump.
GO During Kathy Griffin’s press conference to discuss the firestorm surrounding her Donald Trump “beheading” photo Friday morning, the comedian was asked about an interview she gave to Vulture in December in which she said was happy to “deliver a beat down” to Trump’s youngest son,    Barron Trump.
GO British Islamist Journalist Who Worked With BBC has Citizenship Revoked.
GO A   Muslim working for an Islamist blogging website in Syria has become the first person to have his citizenship revoked since 2015, for posing a “threat” to the nation.
GO EXCLUSIVE: Lawmakers to Request Probe of $418M Arms Sale to Kenya on Obama’s Last Day.
GO A group of lawmakers is planning to request a congressional investigation of a $418 million U. S. weapons sale to Kenya approved by the Obama administration on its last day in office.
GO Report: International Religious Freedom Worsening in both ‘Depth and Breadth’.
GO The U. S. Commission for International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) offers a grim assessment of the state of religious liberty worldwide in its 2017 report, noting that the state of affairs “is worsening in both the depth and breadth of violations.
GO Mulvaney: Trump’s Willing to Sign a Government Spending Bill That Doesn’t Include Border Wall Money - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s primetime edition of “The Lead,” OMB Director Mick Mulvaney said that President Trump is willing to sign a government spending bill that doesn’t include money for a border wall, and “We just thought that it would be a good first step to get these things that everybody agrees on and take that idea of a government shutdown off the table.
GO Miller: We Have Provided ’Enormous’ Evidence of Voter Fraud - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Trump senior advisor Stephen Miller said the White House had provided “enormous evidence” to make a case there was a “serious problem” of voter fraud in American elections.
GO Border Patrol Agent Died after Being Stabbed by Cartel Member, Says DHS Secretary Kelly.
GO A Tweet quotes Department of Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly saying a Border Patrol agent died last night after being stabbed in the face by a cartel member.
GO Chelsea Handler Calls Trump a ’F*cking Loser’ at L.A. Library Benefit.
GO Talk show host Chelsea Handler called President Donald Trump a “f*cking loser” at a benefit for the Los Angeles Public Library Saturday night, as she joked that Trump’s bestselling book The Art of the Deal had made a significant “impact” on her life.
GO Michael Moore Bringing Trump Hate to Broadway with One-Man Show.
GO Documentary filmmaker and   activist Michael Moore plans to take on President Donald Trump in an original   Broadway show.
GO Dan Rather on Trump Policy Shifts: ’Jumping Around Like a Frog in a Hot Skillet’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” during a discussion about the perceived policy changes between President Donald Trump’s campaign and administration, former CBS “Evening News” anchor Dan Rather likened Trump to a frog “jumping around” in a hot skillet.
GO Megyn Kelly Leaving Fox News for NBC.
GO Megyn Kelly will leave her position as one of Fox News’ top anchors to take on a role at NBC News.
GO Trump Deputy Assistant Sebastian Gorka Reveals Death Threats.
GO Authorities dismissed a misdemeanor gun charge against Trump Deputy Assistant Sebastian Gorka Friday after a lengthy process revealed Gorka and his family had received a flurry of death threats related to their counterterrorism work.
GO Breitbart News Daily: 45 Gets to Work - Breitbart.
GO On the Monday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will begin our discussion of President Trump’s first 100 days.
GO DELINGPOLE: The Archbishop of Canterbury Thinks We’re All Fascists. Cheers! - Breitbart.
GO The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, has suggested that the people who voted for Donald Trump and Brexit are a bunch of fascists.
GO 8,000 Colorado Inmates Given Computer Tablets with Games, Books, Music - Breitbart.
GO 8, 000 prison inmates in Colorado have been given computer tablets with the ability to call loved ones from the inside, play games, read books, and listen to music.
GO Hillary Clinton Dines with Her ’SNL’ Impersonator Kate McKinnon.
GO Hillary Clinton was spotted dining with her Saturday Night Live impersonator, comedian Kate McKinnon, Wednesday at an Italian restaurant in Manhattan’s Theatre District.
GO Obama: GOP ’Afraid’ to Show America What They Will Replace Obamacare With - Breitbart.
GO Friday on a live webcast for Vox, President Barack Obama said the Republicans were “afraid” to show their plan to replace the Affordable Care Act.
GO Exclusive: Rand Paul Says Obama Administration May Have Spied on His Campaign - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Rand Paul ( ) on Friday told Breitbart News that several sources have told him that the Obama administration spied on his presidential campaign.
GO California’s Drive-Thru Tree Falls over During Winter Storm.
GO The Pioneer Cabin, a famous giant sequoia tree that visitors could once drive through, toppled on Sunday after succumbing to the winter storms that hit Northern California this past weekend.
GO Watch MILO on ’Real Time With Bill Maher’ Tonight at 10PM EST - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Senior Editor MILO will appear on HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher” tonight at 10PM EST, where the two will discuss free speech on college campuses following the   riot at UC Berkeley earlier this month.
GO CNN’s Acosta: Trump Only Calling on Conservative Media Can Only Be Described As ’The Fix Is In’ - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Inside Politics,” CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jim Acosta stated that in the last three news conferences President Trump has done “all of the questions to the American news media have been handled by conservative press,” and “there’s no other way to describe it but, the fix is in.
GO Freezing Migrant Rescued by Border Patrol Agents.
GO A migrant attempting to cross the border into Texas had to be rescued by Border Patrol agents after succumbing to frigid water in Rio Grande River.
GO MILO: ’Nothing Says Women’s Rights Like a Sharia Law Activist Who Wears the Hijab’ - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Senior Editor MILO criticized the feminists who stood in solidarity with Women’s March organizer Linda Sarsour, joking “nothing says women’s rights like a Sharia law activist in a hijab.
GO California Lieutenant Governor Wants to Fight Job-Replacing Robots - Breitbart.
GO Lieutenant Governor of California and former San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom wants to fight the technology that’s replacing human jobs around America, according to The Guardian.
GO MILO Security Coordinator: Berkeley Police Had a ’No Arrests Policy’ - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Senior editor MILO appeared alongside his tour security coordinator Tej Gill on Breitbart News Daily hosted by Breitbart Editor in Chief Alex Marlow today to discuss the riots at UC Berkeley and the inaction of Berkeley Police Department.
GO ’Bloodbath’ ESPN Layoffs Could be Larger Than Reported - Breitbart.
GO The   impending round of layoffs coming to sports cable network ESPN could begin this week, with some saying it could be a bigger deal than previously reported.
GO Soros-Funded Group Schemes to Stop Trump’s Latest Temporary Visa Ban.
GO A lawsuit brought before a Maryland appeals court seeking to stop President Trump’s temporary ban on new visas from six Middle Eastern countries was filed by a   group financed by billionaire George Soros.
GO Watch: Breitbart Editor-In-Chief Alex Marlow Interviewed By NBC’s ’Today’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of NBC’s “Today,” an interview given by Breitbart News    Alex Marlow to NBC News correspondent Stephanie Gosk aired featuring a number of different topics about Breitbart News.
GO Labour MP Vying to Be Manchester Mayor Works with Muslim ‘Extremists’.
GO A senior Labour MP vying to be the first elected mayor of Greater Manchester has shared a platform with a Muslim pressure group accused of being led by “extremists” after implying Muslims should not work with police.
GO ESPN’s Scott Van Pelt on Layoffs: ’This Was a Very Difficult Day’ - Breitbart.
GO ESPN   “SportsCenter” host Scott Van Pelt shared his thoughts on the massive ESPN layoffs Wednesday in his “1 Big thing” segment, calling Wednesday a “very difficult day.
GO Poll: CNN Brand Continues to Plummet.
GO CNN’s brand continues to go in a downward spiral, according to a poll.
GO Joy Reid: Being Black and Muslim Puts You in ’the Crosshairs of Trumpworld’ - Breitbart.
GO While Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) touted on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” Saturday why he is a better candidate for chair of the Democratic National Committee, host Joy Reid tacked on that what he accomplished was done while being black and Muslim, “two things in the crosshairs of Trumpworld.
GO Police: Man Finds Nude Photos of His 10-Year-Old Sister on Neighbor’s Laptop.
GO A Texas man is facing charges for child pornography after lending his computer to his neighbor, who discovered nude photographs of his    sister on the laptop, police said.
GO Illegal Immigrant Allegedly Kills for Parking Spot.
GO Following a fight outside a Texas nightclub, an illegal immigrant is now being accused of killing a man over a parking spot.
GO Neil Gorsuch: Conservatives Praise Trump’s Supreme Court Pick.
GO Conservatives were effusive in their praise on Tuesday evening for President Donald Trump’s choice for the U. S. Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch.
GO James Comey: Loretta Lynch Tried to Influence Statements on Hillary Clinton Investigation.
GO Former FBI Director James Comey revealed that former President Obama’s Attorney General Loretta Lynch tried to influence his statements on Hillary Clinton’s email investigation during the election.
GO Ninth Circuit Would Allow 9/11 Hijacker to Sue to Come to U.S..
GO The judgment of the Ninth Circuit upholding the temporary restraining order (TRO) against President Donald Trump’s recent executive order restricting travel from seven   countries would have allowed one of the   hijackers to sue the government to come to, or stay in, the United States.
GO Top German Paper: We Need To Be ’More Gay, More Multicultural’ To Oppose Trump.
GO In a new editorial, the head of the German daily broadsheet Die Welt has called on Germans to oppose U. S.   Donald Trump by being more multicultural and more “gay.
GO More Trump Jobs Boom, Home Depot to Add 80,000 Employees - Breitbart.
GO Coming off a jobs report that figured higher than analysts expected, the Trump jobs boom is continuing with   retailer Home Depot announcing that it plans to add up to 80, 000 new employees nationwide, perhaps by spring.
GO McConnell on if Mexico Will Pay for the Border Wall: ’Uh, No’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday in an interview with POLITICO Playbook, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) signaled Mexico would not pay for the border wall as President Donald Trump has proposed.
GO Trump: I Was Going to Fire Comey ’Regardless of Recommendation’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday in a preview clip of President Donald Trump’s interview with Lester Holt set to air later today on NBC’s “Nightly News,” Trump said he was going to fire FBI Director James Comey “regardless” of the recommendation from the Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
GO No Deal on Health Care as Congress Goes into Recess - Breitbart.
GO The failure of Republicans’ recent health care reform bill to pass through Congress and win popular support means there will be no changes to America’s crumbling health care system as lawmakers head into a   recess.
GO Palin: I’m ’Extremely Thankful’ Trump Has Been Elected - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on CNN’s “The Lead,” 2008 GOP   nominee and former Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin said on the mark of President Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office she was “extremely thankful that he has been elected.
GO Rand Paul, Mark Meadows, Jim Jordan Will Oppose Legislation That Does Not Fully Repeal Obamacare.
GO Sen. Rand Paul, Rep. Mark Meadows, and Rep. Jim Jordan spoke with reporters Tuesday to discuss their opposition to any legislation that does not fully repeal Obamacare.
GO Joe Biden’s Niece Avoids Jail After Pleading Guilty to Stealing $100,000 on Borrowed Credit Card.
GO Joe Biden’s niece has managed to avoid jail time after she pleaded guilty to stealing more than $100, 000 in a credit card scam.
GO Rand Paul: Trump Has Been Sold a ‘Bill of Goods’ on Ryan Health Care Bill - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said President Donald Trump has been “fed a bill of goods” by House leadership on the proposed House Republican health care legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare.
GO Egypt: Christian Couple Stabbed to Death on Coptic Christmas Day.
GO At least three members of the Coptic Christian minority have been killed so far this year in Egypt, including a couple found in their bed with their throats slit on January 6, the traditional Coptic Christmas Day, reports Christian Today, citing World Watch Monitor (WWM).
GO Manchin: I Plan to Skip Obama’s Capitol Hill Meeting Defending Obamacare.
GO Sen. Joe Manchin ( ) announced he would skip President Obama’s Capitol Hill meeting with Democrats on defending Obamacare.
GO 22 Dead, 50+ Injured After Reports of ’Explosions’ At UK Ariana Grande Concert.
GO 22 people have been confirmed dead and around 120 others are injured following reports of multiple explosions after an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester in the North of England on Monday Evening.
GO Trump: It Is In ’Vital National Security Interest of the US’ to Prevent the Use of Chemical Weapons - Breitbart.
GO During a statement on the missile strike on Syria carried out by the US, President Trump said that it is in the “vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons.
GO Industry Experts, Startup Companies Descend on Ireland for Dublin Tech Summit - Breitbart.
GO Experts from across the technology industry appeared alongside growing startup companies at the Dublin Tech Summit in Ireland Thursday to discuss the future of the industry.
GO Florida Student Loses Credit for Using Word ’Man’ in History Essay - Breitbart.
GO A student at the University of Florida lost points on an essay assignment for his decision to use the word “man,” instead of the word “humankind.
GO Nigel Farage on Article 50: ’Well Done Bannon Well Done Breitbart – You’ve Helped with This Hugely’ - Breitbart.
GO As the Prime Minister’s Article 50 letter made its way to Brussels, Brexit campaign leader Nigel Farage paid “a personal tribute and thank you” to former Breitbart boss Stephen K. Bannon for the role he played in securing victory for the Leave campaign in the European Union (EU) referendum.
GO Freedom Caucus Chair Mark Meadows: We Need Tax Reform By August.
GO House Freedom Caucus chair Mark Meadows ( ) says that if Congress fails to introduce a tax reform package by the end of July, leadership in the House and Senate should call off the August recess.
GO Israeli Minister Miri Regev: ‘Thank God’ Obama Is Leaving Office.
GO The Jerusalem Post reports: Culture and Sport Minister Miri Regev has made public her pleasure that US President Barack Obama is soon leaving office.
GO Planned Parenthood #PinkOut: ‘Turn the Whole Internet Planned Parenthood Pink’.
GO The nation’s largest abortion business is hoping to “turn the whole internet Planned Parenthood pink” on Wednesday so its supporters can “feel the groundswell of support from our movement.
GO Trump to Hold Rally in Pennsylvania Night of White House Correspondents’ Dinner - Breitbart.
GO President Trump announced Saturday afternoon that he will be holding a rally that happens to be the same night as the White House Correspondents’ Dinner.
GO California Democrats Propose In-State Tuition for Refugees - Breitbart.
GO California Democrats have proposed a law to give refugees   tuition at   colleges and universities, and grant to others “priority enrollment status” over U. S. citizens.
GO MSNBC’s Reid: ’Bread and Circuses’ For Trump’s Base ’Includes the Persecution of’ Muslims and Immigrants - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “All In,” MSNBC anchor Joy Reid argued that the “bread and circuses” for President Trump’s base, “includes the persecution of people they fear, the persecution of Muslims is part of the bread and circuses, the persecution of the immigrants, throwing out DREAMers from the country, people that it’s easy for his base to hate and to fear.
GO Donald Trump: I’m Not Going to Tell You What I’ll Do in Syria - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump said he was disturbed by reports of chemical weapons used in Syria but told reporters that he would not signal any plans for action in the   country.
GO Biden: I Regret Not Being President - Breitbart.
GO This weekend at Colgate University in Hamilton, NY, former Vice President Joe Biden said he believes he could have won the presidency against Donald Trump, and therefore he regrets “not being president.
GO Bret Weinstein to Tucker Carlson: It May Not be Safe to Return to Evergreen State - Breitbart.
GO Evergreen State College Professor Bret Weinstein claimed that it may be unsafe for him to return to campus in his second interview with Tucker Carlson, which aired on Monday night.
GO Populist Outsider Geert Wilders in Combative Mood as the Netherlands Prepares to Go to the Polls.
GO The traditionally liberal Netherlands will go to the polls Wednesday morning to select new members of parliament and perhaps a new government, and   migration, Eurosceptic Geert Wilders is fighting to come out on top in a contest which has seen his ratings dented in recent weeks.
GO President Trump Kills TPP Once and for All with Executive Order Officially Withdrawing.
GO President Donald J. Trump killed the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) once and for all on Monday, signing an executive order officially withdrawing from the trade deal negotiations.
GO Half of German Women Feel Unsafe in Their Own Neighbourhoods.
GO Nearly half of Germany’s women now feel unsafe walking about their local neighbourhood, a survey has revealed, with many taking precautions such as pepper spray with them when out at night.
GO Watch: Senate Minority Leader Schumer Tears Up as He Vows to Fight Trump’s Ban - Breitbart.
GO Sunday at a press conference, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) fought back tears as he vowed to do everything he can to “overturn” President Donald Trump’s executive order that halted immigration from seven   countries into the United States.
GO Chicago Review of Books Editor Says MILO’s Words Could Inspire Terrorism - Breitbart.
GO Adam Morgan, Editor in Chief of the Chicago Review of Books, published an article in The Guardian today where he called MILO’s new book “hate speech” and claimed that it would inspire the likes of Omar Mateen and Dylann Roof.
GO Tim Kaine’s Son Arrested for Alleged Role in Minnesota Anti-Trump Riot.
GO The youngest son of former vice presidential candidate and Virginia Senator Tim Kaine was arrested in Minnesota last weekend for his alleged role in an organized riot against Donald Trump and his policies.
GO Rex Tillerson on Being Secretary of State: ’I Didn’t Want This Job’.
GO Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in an interview published Tuesday that he did not want or seek the position and only took it because his wife convinced him to do it.
GO California Black Lives Matter Proud of Facebook Post Saying They Spit in Police Officer’s Starbucks - Breitbart.
GO A California Black Lives Matter group claiming one of its members happily spit in a local police officer’s Starbucks order is also saying they are proud of the incident, even as the Starbuck’s location is denying it ever happened.
GO Bernie Sanders: Trump Won Because Democrats Are Out of Touch - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said the Democrats lost to   Donald Trump because they are out of touch with America.
GO Robert Reich: ’The Democratic Party Has Not Been in This Bad Shape Since the 1920’s’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” former Clinton administration Secretary of Labor Robert Reich said, “the Democratic Party has not been in this bad shape since the 1920’s.
GO Donald Trump Thinks Susan Rice Committed a Crime - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump said he thinks that President Barack Obama’s former national security adviser Susan Rice committed a crime when she reportedly unmasked American citizens involved with his campaign.
GO Father of Manchester Suicide Bomber Arrested in Libya - Breitbart.
GO (Reuters) The father of the attacker who killed 22 people in a suicide bombing in Manchester has been arrested in the Libyan capital Tripoli, according to a   force spokesman and a witness.
GO CNN Advertises Job Listing for Full Time ’Fake News’ Reporter.
GO CNN, the news organization branded as “fake news” by   Donald Trump, recently posted a job listing for a full time reporter focusing on fake news.
GO ’Anti-Fascists’ Plan to ’Shut Down’ MILO’s Event at UC Berkeley - Breitbart.
GO A group of “ ” are planning to forcefully “shut down” Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO’s event at UC Berkeley on Wednesday, branding him a “tool of Trump’s fascist government,” while criticizing free speech, which they put in quotation marks, for allowing MILO to express his political beliefs uncensored.
GO With Gorsuch on SCOTUS, NRA Launching ’Series’ of Lawsuits Against CA Gun Control - Breitbart.
GO With Justice Neil Gorsuch now seated on the Supreme Court of the United States (SCOTUS) the NRA is launching a “series” of lawsuits aimed at rolling back gun controls in California.
GO Madonna Files to Adopt Two More Children from Malawi.
GO Update: Madonna told Us Weekly in a statement that she is not planning to adopt two more children.
GO Donna Brazile: Democrats Are Not Overreaching With Russia-Trump Questions - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” former Democratic National Committee chair Donna Brazile said she did not think the Democrats were “overreaching” with their questions about the Trump campaign’s role in Russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election.
GO Rubio: Trump Should Have ’Responded Differently’ Given What John Lewis ’Means to Our Country’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday in Miami after attending a Martin Luther King Day event, while commenting on the controversy over Rep. John Lewis ( ) saying of   Donald Trump he didn’t “see the   as a legitimate president” and Trump’s tweeted response, Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said he “hoped” the Trump would have responded differently “given everything that John Lewis means to our country.
GO New York Times Editor Won’t Use Term Female Genital Mutilation: ‘Culturally Loaded’ and Divides People - Breitbart.
GO The health and science editor at the New York Times told a reader in the newspaper’s “mailbag” feature that she decided not to use the term “female genital mutilation” because it is a “culturally loaded” term that widens the “gulf” between the West and the countries where the abuse is practiced.
GO Donald Trump Hosting Chinese President Xi at Mar-a-Lago.
GO President Donald Trump will host the Chinese President Xi Jinping at his    estate, according to Mike Allen of Axios.
GO House Intel Leaders Ask FBI, CIA, NSA How Many Americans They ’Unmasked’ - Breitbart.
GO The leaders of the House intelligence committee are giving the NSA, FBI, and the CIA until Friday to reveal how many Americans’ private conversations were improperly ‘unmasked’ amid legal surveillance activities in the last six months, which they believe happened to President Donald Trump’s former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
GO 83-Year-Old Farmer Who Shot Burglar in the Foot Forced to Pay £30,000 Legal Fees.
GO A fund has been set up to help an    farmer forced to spend £30, 000 to fund his own defence after he was prosecuted for shooting a convicted burglar in the foot when he intruded on his isolated Yorkshire farm.
GO After 6,000 Exorcisms, Priest Says ‘The Devil Is Afraid of Me’.
GO A Mexican priest who has performed more than 6, 000 exorcisms in his   career says that he does not fear the devil, because the devil is afraid of him.
GO Trump: Ask Sally Yates About Classified Information Leaked to Media.
GO President Trump suggested to Senators on Monday morning that they ask Sally Yates, former Obama administration deputy attorney general and acting attorney general in the Trump administration’s early days, how classified information she went to the White House counsel with got leaked to the media soon after.
GO Entire German 2016 Budget Surplus Earmarked For Migrants.
GO The German government will allocate the entire six billion euro 2016 budget surplus to migrants after the two coalition parties failed to agree on how to spend it.
GO Toure: Trump Too Much of a ’Joke’ to for Us to Be Concerned About Snoop Dogg Shooting Him in New Video - Breitbart.
GO Saturday in an “AM Joy” discussion about Snoop Dogg’s new music video where the rapper shoots a clown version of President Donald Trump, MSNBC contributor Toure said that Trump is too much of a joke for anyone to be concerned about Snoop Dogg shooting him in a joke video.
GO Former NFL Player Aaron Hernandez’s Body Found with Bible Verse Written on His Forehead - Breitbart.
GO Authorities are now reporting that Aaron Hernandez had a verse from the Bible written on his forehead when he was found hanged with a bed sheet in his prison cell on Wednesday.
GO Donald Trump: ’I Wouldn’t Be Here If It Wasn’t for Twitter’ - Breitbart.
GO Appearing in an interview with Fox News host Tucker Carlson, President Donald Trump said he would not be where he was if it wasn’t for his ability to speak directly to Americans through Twitter.
GO Silicon Valley’s Ro Khanna: I Will Go to Jail to Resist Trump.
GO   Rep. Ro Khanna ( ) of Silicon Valley vows that he will go to jail to protest the presidency of Donald Trump as part of the “California Resistance” to the new administration.
GO Faux-pulist: Elizabeth Warren Condemns Sessions for Suggesting Wealthy Corporations Should Hire Americans.
GO During her   Senate tirade against the confirmation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Senator Elizabeth Warren ( ) criticized the former Alabama senator because his office suggested in a press release that a wealthy American corporation should hire Americans.
GO Pope Francis Tells EU Leaders: Populism Is ’Egotism’.
GO Solidarity is “the most effective antidote to modern forms of populism,” Pope Francis told European Union leaders Friday, in a politically charged speech denouncing nationalism as a modern form of selfishness.
GO Larry King: Trump Protesters Smashed My Car Windows In - Breitbart.
GO Legendary interviewer Larry King assured fans that he was not hurt after protesters objecting to the peaceful transfer of power between presidents Barack Obama and Donald Trump smashed in the windows of his car.
GO SCOTUS Refuses to Hear Texas Voter ID Case -- For Now.
GO The U. S. Supreme Court has declined to hear Texas’ appeal from an adverse ruling in the Texas voter ID case.
GO 10-Year-Old Girl Used as Human Bomb in Nigeria Attack.
GO A    girl used as suicide bomber detonated an explosive and killed herself in a New Year’s Eve attack in Maiduguri, Nigeria.
GO Breitbart’s Boyle on One America: Obamacare Repeal Has a Chance to Pass if Paul Ryan Stays on Sidelines - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart News’ Washington political editor Matthew Boyle joined One America News Network (OANN) to discuss the future of repealing and replacing Obamacare in the wake of House Speaker Paul Ryan’s failure to pass the American Health Care Act (AHCA) last month.
GO Mattis in Iraq: We’re Not Here For Your Oil.
GO (REUTERS) The U. S. military is not in Iraq “to seize anybody’s oil” Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said, before arriving on an unannounced visit to Baghdad on Monday.
GO Amy Schumer Netflix Special Flooded with One-Star Reviews.
GO Amy Schumer’s latest   comedy special for Netflix, The Leather Special, has been inundated with   negative reviews on the streaming service, with viewers of the program calling it “awful,” “unfunny,” and “unwatchable.
GO CNN’s Chalian: Trump Is Going ’Mainstream,’ ’Establishment’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday on CNN’s “Situation Room,” CNN political director David Chalian said President Donald Trump’s recent foreign policy maneuvers mean he is “going mainstream” and Washington “establishment.
GO Woman Claims Nail Salon Posted Sign Saying Fat Clients Must Pay More - Breitbart.
GO A nail salon in Tennessee is facing an uproar after a woman claimed it posted a sign saying   customers must pay more for the business’s services.
GO Poll: Most Voters Have Not Heard of Democratic 2020 Election Candidates - Breitbart.
GO There is a minefield of potential 2020 election candidates in the Democratic Party waiting to challenge President Trump, but most voters have not heard of many of them, according to a new poll.
GO Ted Cruz Calls for $14 Billion Seized from ’El Chapo’ to Fund Border Wall.
GO Senator Ted Cruz ( ) introduced a bill calling for the use of $14 billion seized from cartel drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman to be used to pay for the President’s border wall between the U. S. and Mexico.
GO Chuck Lorre Calls on Julian Assange to Hack Trump.
GO Television writer and executive producer Chuck Lorre has asked WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to “get to work” and hack Donald Trump.
GO Italy: Muslim Mother Shaves Head of Daughter Who Refused to Wear Veil.
GO A Muslim mother has shaved the head of her    daughter in Bologna, Italy, on learning that the child was taking off her headscarf as soon as she would leave the house.
GO Report: Speaker Ryan Says Tom Price Plan Will Outline Obamacare Replacement.
GO Speaker Ryan told OppCast that the Republican Obamacare replacement plan will parallel the Empowering Patients First Act introduced by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price.
GO British PM May: Another Attack ’May Be Imminent’ - Breitbart.
GO JUST IN: British PM Theresa May says threat level has been raised from ”severe to critical” another attack ”may be imminent.” pic.
GO Carlos Santana Rips Beyoncé: She’s ’Not a Singer’.
GO Legendary guitarist Carlos Santana weighed in on Adele’s sweep of the Grammy Awards earlier this week, telling the Associated Press in Australia on Tuesday that Beyoncé should not have won the night’s most prestigious prizes because “she’s not a singer.
GO Facebook ‘Fact-checker’ Poynter: Worth Considering ‘Fake News’ Didn’t Significantly Impact 2016 Election.
GO The Poynter Institute, the group helping Facebook determine whether certain news stories are “disputed,” has determined it is worth considering the possibility that “fake news” stories did not significantly impact the 2016 presidential election after all.
GO Mike Lee: GOP Health Care Bill Does Very Little to Bring Premiums Down - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on CNN’s “The Situation Room,” Sen. Mike Lee ( ) said the proposed House Republican health care legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare does “very little at all” that would bring premiums down.
GO Bob Dylan Accused of Lifting Parts of Nobel Prize Speech from SparkNotes.
GO Rock and folk legend Bob Dylan has been accused of lifting sections of his 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature acceptance speech from a SparkNotes.
GO Kansas City Man Freed After 17 Years in Prison When His Doppelganger Is Found.
GO A Kansas City man was released after serving 17 years in jail for a robbery he didn’t commit when a man, who looked so much like him they could be twins, was finally discovered and brought to the court’s attention.
GO Police Report: Migrant Crime Drastically Increased in 2016.
GO The German Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA) has released a new report which claims that crimes committed by migrants rapidly increased in 2016 compared to the previous year.
GO Designer Of Rainbow Flag, Enduring Symbol For Gay Rights, Has Died.
GO Gilbert Baker, creator of the rainbow flag, which would endure as the symbol of gay activism and solidarity for 40 years, has died.
GO Child Deaths Drop From 14.2 Million In 1990 To 7.3 Million In 2015.
GO The world is doing a much better job of keeping babies alive long enough to become children, children alive long enough to become teens and teens alive long enough to fully grow up, according to a report in today’s JAMA Pediatrics.
GO The NEA Jazz Masters Tribute Concert Transcends Its Fraught Political Moment.
GO Dee Dee Bridgewater found a moment in her acceptance speech at the 2017 NEA Jazz Masters Tribute Concert, on Monday night at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D. C. to sound a note of thanks for the NEA itself.
GO Experts Suspect Nerve Agent Was Used In Syrian Attack.
GO Experts are increasingly confident that a powerful nerve agent was used to kill and injure victims in an attack on a   region of Syria on Tuesday.
GO Trump Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Removed From National Security Council .
GO Updated at 12:59 p. m. ET, Steve Bannon has been removed from his controversial role on the National Security Council just months after he was elevated to the position.
GO What Should We Make Of The ’Tweetstorm’ Or ’Thread,’ Or Whatever You Call It?.
GO When you hear Alana Hope Levinson talk about the death threats she got late last year, in response to a Gizmodo story she wrote railing against ”manthreading,” she speaks so lackadaisically, you could almost forget how serious it all was.
GO Is Neuroscience Rediscovering The Soul?.
GO The idea that neuroscience is rediscovering the soul is, to most scientists and philosophers, nothing short of outrageous.
GO House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes To Step Aside From Russia Probe .
GO Updated at 12:18 p. m. ET, House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes says he is temporarily stepping aside from the committee’s probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 election, as the House Ethics Committee opens an inquiry into whether he improperly disclosed classified information.
GO ’Saturday Night Live’ Takes On Bill O’Reilly, Trump And That Pepsi Commercial.
GO The cast of Saturday Night Live returned after a   break to take on Fox News host Bill O’Reilly amid recent sexual harassment allegations he is facing, all while continuing their coverage of the Trump administration.
GO Dylann Roof Pleads Guilty To State Murder Charges For Charleston Church Attack.
GO Dylann Roof, who gunned down nine people in the basement of a historically black church in Charleston in 2015, pleaded guilty to murder charges at a South Carolina state court.
GO How To Not Get Bumped From A Flight, And What You’re Entitled To If You Are.
GO The violent removal of a United Airlines passenger from his seat on an overbooked flight Sunday has been a PR and stock market disaster for the company and a viral video phenomenon as far away as China.
GO Church Can Start Its Own Police Force, Alabama Senate Says .
GO A large church in Alabama is one step closer to creating its own police force, a move that seems to be without precedent in the U. S. The state’s Senate has approved legislation that would give church police officers the same powers other law enforcement officers have in Alabama.
GO North Miami Officer Is Arrested Over Shooting Of Therapist During Standoff.
GO North Miami police Officer Jonathan Aledda is facing charges of attempted manslaughter and negligence for shooting a behavioral therapist who had been trying to help a patient with autism return to a group home last summer, prosecutors say.
GO Eels May Use ’Magnetic Maps’ As They Slither Across The Ocean.
GO Researchers have found that European eels can sense magnetic fields and may use this ability to navigate thousands of miles through the Atlantic Ocean.
GO Four Besieged Syrian Towns Are Being Evacuated In Reciprocal Swap.
GO Thousands of people are evacuating four besieged Syrian towns on Friday after rebels and the Syrian government reached a population swap agreement.
GO As Trump Inquiries Flood Ethics Office, Director Looks To House For Action.
GO Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub Jr. is calling on the chairman of House Oversight Committee to become more engaged in overseeing ethics questions in the Trump administration.
GO Cleveland Police Search For Suspect Who Posted Homicide Video On Facebook.
GO A manhunt is under way for a suspect whom Cleveland police say filmed his fatal shooting of an elderly man, in a video that he posted to Facebook.
GO Bridal Couple Removed From United Airlines Flight Without Incident.
GO A couple flying to Costa Rica for their wedding were removed from a United Airlines flight in Houston on Saturday.
GO What Trump’s Taxes Would Not Show About His Finances.
GO President Trump is preparing to overhaul the nation’s tax code, and at least some of the coming changes could benefit his own bottom line.
GO Wonder Woman Absolutely Should Not Have Armpit Hair, Sorry .
GO Wonder Woman doesn’t even come out until June, but people are already complaining that the movie is not feminist enough, because the superhero is conforming to unrealistic, patriarchal beauty standards by not having visible armpit hair.
GO Bring Assata Back ASAP.
GO If FBI agents have time to track down Tom Brady’s stolen Super Bowl jerseys, why can’t they bring back AWOL convicted   Assata Shakur?
GO What the Opposition to Gorsuch Is Really About.
GO Throughout Neil Gorsuch’s Supreme Court confirmation hearing, Senate Democrats harped on minor cases and reiterated their disingenuous complaints about President Obama’s   nomination of Merrick Garland last year, which was not considered amid the presidential election.
GO Pope Francis May Shine a Light on Famine and Genocide in South Sudan.
GO Pope Francis is reportedly considering a trip to South Sudan, after ecumenical pleas from religious leaders who hope that his visit might draw attention to the plight of the people there, suffering famine and genocide.
GO No-White-Girls-In-Hoops Student Crusaders Now Slamming School Newspaper for Covering Their Crusade.
GO Three Pitzer College students are slamming a school newspaper, the Claremont Independent, for publishing an article about their crusade against white girls wearing hoop earrings after people on the Internet attacked them for their opinion.
GO Fearless but misplaced, &c..
GO Do you know the story of Charging Bull and Fearless Girl?
GO Why Tax Reform Isn’t Going to Be Any Easier.
GO As the Trump administration and Republicans in Congress survey the wreckage of their efforts to repeal Obamacare, the rush is on for tax reform.
GO <i>Boston Globe</i> Asks ‘What’s With’ Melania Trump Crossing Her Arms in White House Photo.
GO On Tuesday, the Boston Globe published an article examining Melania Trump’s official White House photo, and promoted it with a tweet asking: “So what’s with the crossed arms?” The White House released an official portrait of Melania Trump.
GO Sisi, Trump, and the Politics of Designating the Muslim Brotherhood.
GO Hopes that the Trump administration will designate the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization have hit rough waters, with anonymous officials citing concerns about diplomatic blowback and frayed relationships with Muslims at home and abroad.
GO Clemson Diversity Training: Expecting People to Arrive on Time Is Culturally Insensitive.
GO According to materials from a   course at Clemson University, it’s culturally insensitive to expect people to show up on time because “time may be considered fluid” in some cultures.
GO Another College Stops Using the Word ‘Master’ Because of Slavery ‘Connotation’.
GO Rice University has decided to stop using the term “master” to describe the heads of its residential colleges over concerns that the word is associated with slavery.
GO Our Three Presidents Born in 1946.
GO With the inauguration of Donald Trump this year, we have now had, for the first time in our history, three American presidents who were born in the same year.
GO In Trump’s Government-by-Applause, All Bets Are Off.
GO The president who proclaimed that he was a rock, he was an island, sure seems to be shifting a lot.
GO No, Trump Is Not a Neocon.
GO With U. S. missiles flying in Syria, the “mother of all bombs” exploding in Afghanistan, and an   strike group heading toward North Korea, has there been a revolution in President Trump’s foreign policy?
GO Pomona Students: ‘Truth . . . Is a Myth and White Supremacy’.
GO A group of students at Pomona College wrote an open letter to the school’s outgoing president claiming that “the idea that there is a single truth .
GO Embattled Uber CEO Travis Kalanick takes indefinite leave of absence.
GO Uber’s CEO, Travis Kalanick, has announced that he will take an indefinite leave of absence as the embattled company released a damning report on its workplace culture that called on the company to “review and reallocate” Kalanick’s responsibilities.
GO Loss of coral reefs caused by rising sea temperatures could cost $1tn globally.
GO The loss of coral reefs caused by rising sea temperatures could cost $1 trillion globally, a report from Australia’s Climate Council has projected, with the loss of Queensland’s Great Barrier Reef alone costing that region 1m visitors a year, imperilling 10, 000 jobs and draining $1bn from the economy.
GO Supreme court orders new hearing over inmate’s ‘racially tainted’ death sentence.
GO The US supreme court on Wednesday ordered a new court hearing for a black Texas prison inmate who claims improper testimony about his race tainted his death sentence.
GO How the US war on piracy brought one Somali to a West Virginia prison.
GO Mohamed Hassan Farah, a Somali in US federal prison, has little in common with the   seafarer Thomas Smith besides the fact that they are among the few people to be convicted of piracy on the high seas in a US court.
GO Out with the old, in with the nude: Playboy brings back naked women.
GO Playboy has gone back to basics in the latest attempt to make over the ailing magazine, restoring nudity to its pages a year after banishing naked women in an effort to boost advertising revenue.
GO Planet Earth II ’a disaster for world’s wildlife’ says rival nature producer.
GO David Attenborough’s blockbuster nature series Planet Earth II is “a disaster for the world’s wildlife” and a significant contributor to   extinctions, a rival natural history producer has claimed.
GO Climate change impact on Australia may be irreversible, five-yearly report says.
GO An independent review of the state of Australia’s environment has found the impacts of climate change are increasing and some of the changes could be irreversible.
GO Trump’s defense chief admits struggle in Afghanistan: ’We are not winning’.
GO US senators have sharply criticized Pentagon leaders for not completing a new strategy for the    war in Afghanistan, as the defense secretary, James Mattis, admitted: “We are not winning in Afghanistan right now.
GO Teed off by Trump? Why protests to move the US Women’s Open miss the mark.
GO A few years ago, when the United States Golf Association announced that it would hold the US Women’s Open at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, it was business as usual.
GO Jeff Sessions to answer Russia questions in writing.
GO The US attorney general, Jeff Sessions, will reply in writing to Senate Democrats’ questions about his meetings with Russia’s ambassador last year, the justice department said on Friday, after a top Republican turned down Democrats’ request for a public hearing.
GO Rodrigo Duterte jokes to soldiers that they can rape women with impunity.
GO Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte has sought to reassure soldiers who might be accused of committing abuses under martial law and jokingly said that if any of them were to rape three women, he would personally claim responsibility for it.
GO Enda Kenny urges Trump to help undocumented Irish living in US.
GO Ireland’s prime minister, Enda Kenny, has urged Donald Trump to help Irish people living in the US illegally, saying they just want to “make America great”.
GO US missile defense reaches milestone with successful test against ICBM.
GO The US military has successfully carried out its   missile defense test involving a simulated attack by an intercontinental ballistic missile, in a major milestone for a program meant to defend against a mounting North Korean threat.
GO Nationals star Bryce Harper’s advice to Little Leaguers: It’s not OK to lose.
GO It’s perhaps just as well that Bryce Harper plays for one of Major League Baseball’s best teams because, judging from a pep talk he gave to Little League players on Saturday, he really doesn’t like losing.
GO Doc Rivers: Cavaliers’ decision to rest LeBron James and co was ’not cool’.
GO Clippers head coach Doc Rivers said the Cavaliers’ decision to rest LeBron James, Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love for the big Saturday night game against the Clippers was “not cool” while ABC analyst Jeff Van Gundy was a little less measured, calling it a “prosecutable offence”.
GO Small Saturn moon has most of conditions needed to sustain life, Nasa says.
GO A tiny moon of Saturn has most of the conditions necessary for life, Nasa announced on Thursday, unveiling a discovery from an underground ocean that makes the world a leading candidate for organisms as humans know them.
GO Turkish election board rejects calls to annul referendum result.
GO Turkey’s high election board has rejected formal calls by the country’s main opposition parties to annul the result of a referendum that will grant Recep Tayyip Erdoğan sweeping new powers as president.
GO US cancer death rates continue to fall as 5-year survival rates rise – study.
GO Cancer death rates in the United States are continuing to fall and the   survival rates of those diagnosed with the disease have risen, research shows.
GO Après-art: how an Aspen ski resort became a retreat for art’s biggest names.
GO Back in 1966, just as the ski industry was taking hold in Aspen, Colorado, resort developers began to think about an arts and cultural center to service the growing community of artists and   refugees.
GO Melissa McCarthy steals the show as Sean Spicer on Saturday Night Live.
GO After a brief absence, Alec Baldwin returned to Saturday Night Live this weekend with his now infamous Donald Trump impression, but it was Melissa McCarthy’s unexpected arrival as the White House press secretary Sean Spicer that was the show’s finest and most necessary satire this week.
GO ’Over my dead body’: tribe aims to block Trump’s border wall on Arizona land.
GO Donald Trump’s proposed border wall could face a major obstacle in Arizona, where an indigenous tribe has vowed to oppose construction on its land, paving the way for potential mass resistance following the model of Standing Rock.
GO Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny jailed after protests.
GO Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been fined and sentenced to 15 days in prison, a day after some of the biggest   protests since Vladimir Putin returned to the presidency in 2012 swept the country.
GO Paraguay ’coup’: death of activist threatens to reignite protests.
GO The death of an activist involved in demonstrations that swept across Paraguay threatened to reignite violent protests in the country on Saturday that have already resulted in hundreds of arrests and left scores wounded.
GO Jamie Murray helps Great Britain to verge of Davis Cup win over Canada.
GO Great Britain moved to the verge of a Davis Cup victory against Canada after Jamie Murray and Dom Inglot won a tight doubles rubber.
GO Trump administration: EPA studies, data must undergo political review before release.
GO The Trump administration is mandating that any studies or data from scientists at the Environmental Protection Agency undergo review by political appointees before they can be released to the public.
GO ’Will we survive 1,361 more days?’: Our panel’s verdict on Trump’s first 100 days.
GO The commentary about Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office has focused on what he’s failed to do: repeal Obamacare, pass tax reform, build the wall, get his immigration ban blessed by the courts.
GO The Gambia: defeated president backs down and agrees to go into exile.
GO The Gambia’s new president has declared that the “rule of fear” is over in the country, as it appeared that a deal had been reached for his predecessor, Yahya Jammeh, to relinquish power and go into exile.
GO Anthony Burgess essay on pornography to be published.
GO A lecture about pornography, which landed the author of A Clockwork Orange Anthony Burgess in hot water with the Maltese authorities in 1970, is to be published for the first time, alongside previously unseen photographs.
GO Beer sales don’t take a hit from marijuana legalisation, study finds.
GO The legalisation of marijuana in several US states has not curbed beer sales, according to new research, as Americans managed to find room in their social schedules for both.
GO Inauguration protests: your guide to where you can make your voice heard.
GO Donald Trump’s inauguration will be dominated by protests, with dozens of demonstrations planned in DC and across the country.
GO The Simpsons counts Trump’s first 100 days accomplishments in web short.
GO The Simpsons is taking on Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office in a short animation released online.
GO NYPD officer resigns to avoid being fired over Ramarley Graham killing.
GO The white police officer who fatally shot the unarmed black teenager Ramarley Graham resigned on Sunday from the New York police department, to avoid being fired following a disciplinary trial in a case that sparked outrage over police use of deadly force against black men and boys.
GO Activism, cynicism – and whiskey: how readers are coping with Trump.
GO Donald Trump’s 100th day in office as president of the United States is quickly approaching (29 April, to be exact) and ahead of the marker we asked Guardian readers how they’re coping with the new administration.
GO UN staff taken hostage by South Sudanese refugees released unharmed.
GO The 13 United Nations mission staff that were taken hostage by a group of 100 unarmed South Sudanese refugees in the Democratic Republic of the Congo have been released.
GO Human rights activists criticize US praise for lack of Saudi Arabia protests.
GO The US commerce secretary Wilbur Ross’s praise for the lack of protests during Donald Trump’s visit to Saudi Arabia has been criticized by civil rights activists who pointed out that protesting in Saudi Arabia is illegal.
GO Suntans for all: chemical causes any skin to tan – and protects against cancer.
GO Scientists have created the ultimate fake tan: a chemical that triggers the release of dark pigment in the skin without the need for sunbathing or a genetic predisposition for tanning.
GO Lars von Trier inspired by Donald Trump for new serial-killer film.
GO Lars von Trier, the Danish auteur whose films have rarely shied from controversy, is to make a film inspired in part by new US president Donald Trump.
GO Anne Hathaway: I regret not trusting female directors.
GO Anne Hathaway has spoken of her regret over failing to trust a female director, due to what she fears was “internalised misogyny”.
GO Yale University to drop name of slavery advocate from Calhoun College.
GO Administrators at Yale University announced on Saturday that a college named for John Calhoun, a former US   who was an ardent supporter of slavery, will be renamed after sustained protest and activism from students.
GO White veteran ’regarded fatal stabbing of black man as practice for larger attack’.
GO A white military veteran accused of a hate crime for the stabbing death of a black man in New York regarded the attack as “practice” for a larger assault he hoped to carry out in Times Square, court documents claim.
GO Mário Soares, former prime minister of Portugal, dies aged 92.
GO Portugal’s former president and prime minister, Mário Soares, a central figure in the country’s return to democracy in the 1970s after decades of rightwing dictatorship, has died aged 92.
GO Trump moves to dismantle Obama’s climate legacy with executive order.
GO Donald Trump launched an   assault on Barack Obama’s climate change legacy on Tuesday with a sweeping executive order that undermines America’s commitment to the Paris agreement.
GO Charles Manson ’moved from prison to hospital’.
GO Charles Manson, the    killer and cult leader, has been taken from his California prison cell to a hospital, according to unconfirmed reports.
GO Cristiano Ronaldo sculptor: it is impossible to please everyone.
GO The sculptor who made the bronze bust of Cristiano Ronaldo has admitted that his creation may not be to everybody’s taste but insisted the Real Madrid striker had given his seal of approval before it was unveiled.
GO State department mutiny against Trump immigration ban grows.
GO A mutiny among US diplomats was gathering steam on Monday as hundreds of state department officials were reported to have signed a memo fiercely dissenting from Trump’s refugee ban.
GO Tax March: how a law professor sparked a global event to demand Trump’s returns.
GO Donald Trump’s adviser Kellyanne Conway accidentally inspired a law professor and a comedian to convince thousands of people to take to the streets this Saturday to demand that the president release his tax returns.
GO Celebrity lawyer files $100m lawsuit against Fyre festival organizers.
GO Celebrity lawyer Mark Geragos has filed a $100m lawsuit against Fyre festival organizers Ja Rule and Billy McFarland.
GO Carlos Slim on Trump’s border wall plans: ’The best wall is investment’.
GO The Mexican telecom magnate Carlos Slim has criticized Donald Trump’s plans for a border wall, saying that frontier security would be better achieved through investment and job creation in Mexico.
GO Michael Flynn’s Russia payment likely broke disclosure laws, lawmakers say.
GO Donald Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, likely violated the law when he failed to disclose payments he had received from Russia and Turkey, the leading Republican and Democrat on the House oversight committee said on Tuesday.
GO Thom Yorke on Israel boycott pressure: ’I don’t agree with the cultural ban at all’.
GO Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke has responded to the pressure being put on the band to pull out of a scheduled gig in Israel because of a cultural boycott, by calling it “deeply disrespectful”.
GO Trump tax returns: president had to pay millions due to tax law he aims to scrap.
GO Donald Trump’s leaked tax return reveals that the businessman had to pay tens of millions of dollars in a single year because of a tax rule that he has specifically promised to abolish as president.
GO David Cassidy reveals dementia after faltering on stage.
GO The former teen pop idol David Cassidy has revealed he has dementia, a day after weekend performances in California in which he forgot his words and appeared to fall off the stage.
GO World’s eight richest people have same wealth as poorest 50%.
GO The world’s eight richest billionaires control the same wealth between them as the poorest half of the globe’s population, according to a charity warning of an   and dangerous concentration of wealth.
GO Mozambique police warn that bald people could be targets of ritual killings.
GO Police in Mozambique has warned that bald people could be the targets of ritual attacks, after the brutal killing of two men whose body parts were thought to have been used in witchcraft.
GO Andy Murray to face Novak Djokovic in final of Qatar Open.
GO Andy Murray will face his   rival Novak Djokovic in the final of the Qatar Open following a straight sets victory over Tomas Berdych.
GO Wayne Rooney equals record as Manchester United ease past Reading.
GO Wayne Rooney became Manchester United’s joint record scorer with Sir Bobby Charlton on 249, 4, 484 days after his first goal for the club as the holders began their FA Cup defence with this convincing victory.
GO Texas governor warns NFL is ’walking on thin ice’ with bathroom bill threat.
GO Greg Abbott, the governor of Texas, has warned the NFL that it is “walking on thin ice” by suggesting the Lone Star State could miss out on hosting another Super Bowl if a controversial bathroom bill targeting transgender people is passed.
GO Paul Manafort to register as a foreign agent over past lobbying work.
GO Paul Manafort, who served last year as Donald Trump’s campaign manager, is planning to register with the justice department as a foreign agent, his spokesman said on Wednesday.
GO Claudio Ranieri hints at plotters behind his sacking at Leicester.
GO Claudio Ranieri has offered a passionate defence of his former Leicester City players, denying they forced him out.
GO Manchester bomb used same explosive as Paris and Brussels attacks, says US lawmaker.
GO The bomb detonated by the Manchester terrorist Salman Abedi used the same explosive as those in the Paris and Brussels attacks, a US lawmaker has said, pointing to a possible link to the same terrorist network.
GO Orca pod filmed hunting whale calf in ’unprecedented’ California killing spree.
GO In an “unprecedented” rash of attacks, a pod of killer whales in Monterey Bay, California, has killed four gray whales in a week, including a calf whose killing was captured on video, according to one marine biologist.
GO Bernie Sanders to mark the ’turning point’ for his political revolution.
GO Bernie Sanders’ speech at the People’s Summit in Chicago on Saturday will mark a “turning point” for the political revolution he inspired, according to the organizers behind the   activist event.
GO Biggest Brexit donor urges May to guarantee EU nationals’ rights.
GO The biggest donor to the Brexit campaign has called on Theresa May to unilaterally guarantee the rights of millions of EU nationals already in Britain.
GO Army Corps Doesn’t Oppose Temporary Halt To Dakota Access Pipeline.
GO The U. S. Army Corps of Engineers says it does not oppose the temporary halt of construction on the Dakota Access Pipeline, a $3.
GO Despite Court Ruling, Voting Rights Fight Continues In North Carolina.
GO In the swing state of North Carolina, a fight for early voting rights that seemed to end with a strongly worded federal court ruling last month, may be just getting started.
GO Female WWII Pilot Is Finally Laid To Rest At Arlington National Cemetery.
GO World War II pilot Elaine Harmon, who died last year at the age of 95, wanted to be laid to rest with her fellow veterans at Arlington National Cemetery.
GO A Siberian River Has Mysteriously Turned Blood Red.
GO Alarmed Russians are sharing photos on social media of a Siberian river that has suddenly and mysteriously turned blood red.
GO North Korea Conducts Its 5th Test Of Nuclear Weapon.
GO Updated 11:15 a. m. ET, North Korea confirmed it has conducted its fifth test of a nuclear weapon, the second this year.
GO This Hearty Stew Is A One-Pot Lesson In Grenada’s History.
GO When describing the cultural history of the Caribbean island of Grenada, it’s the cooking pot rather than the melting pot that springs to mind.
GO Bill Clinton To Take Hillary Clinton’s Place At Upcoming Campaign Events.
GO Updated at 5:05 p. m. ET, Former President Bill Clinton will take his wife’s place at several campaign events in the next couple of days.
GO Police Investigating Arson At Mosque Attended By Pulse Nightclub Shooter.
GO Police say an overnight fire at the Islamic Center of Fort Pierce, the Florida mosque that Pulse nightclub shooter Omar Mateen attended, was an act of arson.
GO Eddie Antar, Who Started The Crazy Eddie Chain With ’Insane!’ Prices, Dies At 68.
GO If you ever saw a Crazy Eddie commercial, then you know the electronics retail giant’s prices were ”insane!” At its height, the chain had 43 stores in four states.
GO Supreme Court Leaves Ohio Voting Restrictions In Place.
GO The U. S. Supreme Court refused to intervene in a voting rights case from Ohio on Tuesday, leaving intact a reduction of early voting days that was enacted by the state’s   Legislature.
GO Would You Like Some Insurance With Your Insurance?.
GO For the first time in her life,    freelance designer Susannah Lohr had to shop for health insurance this year.
GO Texas Textbook Called Out As ’Racist’ Against Mexican-Americans.
GO When teachers and activists demanded schools in Texas, where more than half of the public school students are Hispanic, teach more   studies, the State Board of Education responded by calling for more textbooks on the subject.
GO Chemical Giant Bayer Agrees To Buy Monsanto For $66 Billion.
GO The German pharmaceutical and chemical giant Bayer says it will buy U. S. seed seller Monsanto for $66 billion in an   deal that will create the world’s largest supplier of seeds and agricultural chemicals.
GO Sandra Bland’s Family Reaches $1.9 Million Settlement, Lawyer Says.
GO Updated at 1 p. m. ET, The family of Sandra Bland, who was found dead in a Texas jail cell in July 2015, has reached a $1.
GO WATCH: The 4 Best Political Moments From The Emmys.
GO As further proof that this presidential campaign is everywhere, Sunday night’s Emmys stage featured several nods to the candidates as well as the current political climate.
GO Fall TV Channel Flip: 4 Shows To Watch, And Some To Avoid.
GO When our collective attention turns to the flood of new shows headed to network television each fall, the same question arises: Does the fall TV season even matter anymore?
GO Hillary Clinton: ‘Boy, Do I Care A Lot About Our Constitution’ - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton spoke about the rule of law in the United States, and professed her love on the Constitution, during a campaign rally in Pittsburg.
GO Homeschoolers to Ted Cruz: We Don’t Want the Government’s Help! - Breitbart.
GO In a piece published at Breitbart News and titled, “Don’t Believe the Lies that Ted Cruz Hates Homeschool Freedom,” Homeschool Legal Defense attorneys Will Estrada and Mike Donnelly share their opinion on the growing confusion surrounding Ted Cruz and his education policy.
GO Report: Father of Alleged Palm Springs Shooter Warned Son Wanted to Kill Cops - Breitbart.
GO The father of alleged Palm Springs shooter John Felix ran to a neighbor’s house and warned that his son wanted to kill cops just prior to three Palm Springs officers being shot.
GO Rap Sheet: The Women Who Claim to Be Victims of Bill and Hillary Clinton - Breitbart.
GO While Bill Cosby is finally doing a long overdue perp walk for an alleged sexual assault some 10 years ago, and I say “long overdue” because dozens of woman claim he did the same to them over the decades, the dozen or so women who claim to be victims of Bill and Hillary Clinton are being victimized once again by a DC Media circling the wagons to protect Hillary, a woman they are desperate to see become president.
GO Obama: ’America Is Not As Divided As Some Have Suggested,’ Americans Outraged Over Attacks On Police And Bias in Justice System - Breitbart.
GO During a speech in Warsaw, Poland on Saturday, President Obama argued that America is not as divided as some may say it is and “Americans of all races and all backgrounds” are outraged by both “the inexcusable attacks on police,” and “the larger, persistent problem of   and Latinos being treated differently in our criminal justice system.
GO Ted Cruz: Donald Trump ’Hates Guns’ - Breitbart.
GO While speaking to voters in Marion, Indiana, on May 2, Republican presidential hopeful Ted Cruz said Donald Trump once said he hates guns.
GO The Hill: FBI’s James Comey Is Complicit Over Clinton.
GO Chriss Farrell at The Hill poses the question: Is FBI Director James Comey compromised by his decision not to indict former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton?
GO Hillary Clinton: Trump Will Lead America Into War with Thin Skin.
GO Hillary Clinton painted her Republican rival Donald Trump as a “dangerously incoherent” and unstable man, claiming that “It’s not hard to imagine Donald Trump leading us into a war just because somebody got under his very thin skin.
GO Rapper Kevin Gates Calls Out Hypocrisy of Black Lives Matter: ’We Kill Each Other’ - Breitbart.
GO Baton   rapper Kevin Gates has posted a video calling out what he terms the “bullsh*t” of the Black Lives Matter movement in the wake of recent   police shootings of black men.
GO Watch: Cruz Explains His Campaign Spreading False Reports About Carson - Breitbart.
GO Saturday during the GOP Debate on ABC News, presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson was asked about fellow candidate Ted Cruz’s campaign spreading false rumors about the suspension of Carson’s campaign.
GO University of Minnesota Faculty Embraces Free Speech Following Milo Visit - Breitbart.
GO The University of Minnesota has embraced free speech as its “paramount value” following a visit by Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos and professor Christina Hoff Sommers of the American Enterprise Institute.
GO MILO EXCOMMUNICATED: DePaul Bans Dangerous Faggot From Campus - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos has been banned from returning to DePaul University after he announced his return to the college was set for September on the final leg of the Dangerous Faggot tour.
GO Islamic Scholar: Europe May Be Heading Toward Civil War.
GO A French scholar of Islam has a dire warning for Europe, claiming that the third generation of young Muslim men are being increasingly radicalised and may lead the continent into a civil war.
GO Labour Councillor Suspended For Calling Gay People ’Deviants’.
GO A Labour councillor in Scotland has been suspended after allegedly referring to LGBT people as “deviants”.
GO ’If We Win Indiana, It’s Over": Donald Trump Predicts Victory.
GO Republican frontrunner Donald Trump told thousands of supporters in Terre Haute, Indiana that if he wins the Hoosier State, he will effectively have won the Republican presidential nomination.
GO Dick Morris: Hillary Plummeting in Polls Because of New Scrutiny on Bill’s Exploits - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on Newsmax TV’s “The Steve Malzberg Show,” political consultant Dick Morris noted how the latest scrutiny into former President Bill Clinton’s indiscretions has damaged the campaign of Democratic   Hillary Clinton.
GO Eric Trump: My Dad Doesn’t Need Ryan’s Endorsement - Breitbart.
GO Eric Trump, the son of presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump said that his dad doesn’t need the endorsement of Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) on Thursday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Kelly File.
GO Clift: Saying We Should Declare War on ISIS Plays Into Their Hands - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s “McLaughlin Group,” the Daily Beast’s Eleanor Clift argued, “these easy declarations that we should declare war, would actually play right into the hands of the ISIS fanatics.
GO WATCH: Navy Admiral Slams Colin Kaepernick in Pearl Harbor Speech.
GO A U. S. Navy admiral received a standing ovation after he slammed football player Colin Kaepernick at an event commemorating the 75th anniversary of Pearl Harbor.
GO Rafael Cruz: Ted ’Will Not Bow Down To The Washington Cartel’ - Breitbart.
GO Rafael Cruz, the father of Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) says that his son, “will not bow down to the Washington cartel.
GO Marsha Blackburn Open to Becoming Trump’s VP: ’No One Would Ever Say No to That’ - Breitbart.
GO Tennessee Republican Rep. Marsha Blackburn would be open to becoming presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump’s running mate, saying “no one would ever say no to that” at a New Hampshire GOP fundraiser.
GO Kellyanne Conway On Shrieking Rubio Girl: ’I Half-Expected Her To Throw Her Panties At Him On The Stage’ - Breitbart.
GO Kellyanne Conway, pollster and president of Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) aligned Super PAC “Keep the Promise” talked to Breitbart News Daily about the shrieking Marco Rubio fan at Thursday’s CNN debate, saying, “I   her to throw her panties at him on the stage.
GO Franken: Voters Should Be Mad At Republicans for Obamacare - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on CNN’s “The Lead,” while discussing the increasing costs of the Affordable Care Act referred to as Obamacare, Sen. Al Franken ( ) said voters should be mad at “Republican officeholders” who refused to do anything other than vote to repeal Obamacare.
GO Man in ’F**K the Police’ Shirt Allegedly Opens Fire on Officer’s Home.
GO On Tuesday morning, a man wearing a   with the words “F**k the Police” on the front and “Black Lives Matter” on the back was arrested for allegedly opening fire on a police officer’s home.
GO Politico Mag: Trade Will Give Trump Ohio, Wisconsin, Michigan.
GO A Friday piece in Politico Magazine warns that a Hillary Clinton “fumble on trade” could give Donald Trump wins in Ohio, Wisconsin, and Michigan in a general election contest.
GO How Ted Cruz Can Win Iowa - Breitbart.
GO In the aftermath of former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin’s endorsement of Donald Trump, conventional wisdom says that Trump is back on top in the first primary state of Iowa after Ted Cruz jumped ahead in the state polls a few weeks ago.
GO NYT: Hillary Clinton Running On Gun Control, GOP Candidates Running From It - Breitbart.
GO On February 27, the New York Times editorial board observed that while Democrat presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton is running on gun control, the campaigns of the various GOP presidential hopefuls are running from it.
GO Merrick Garland: Obama Calls GOP’s SCOTUS Bluff - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama has called Republicans’ bluff in nominating Merrick Garland of the D. C. Circuit Court of Appeals to fill the late Justice Antonin Scalia’s vacant seat on the Supreme Court.
GO FARC Terrorists Will Meet John Kerry During Obama’s Cuba Trip.
GO Secretary of State John Kerry will meet with the head negotiators of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) the world’s largest Marxist terrorist organization, during his visit to Cuba alongside President Obama Monday.
GO Hillary Clinton Plans Speech Against ‘Alt Right’.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton plans to attack the “ ” during a speech in Reno, Nevada, on Thursday.
GO ABC Debate Moderator Martha Raddatz Had Obama at Her Wedding - Breitbart.
GO Martha Raddatz, who is set to moderate Saturday night’s Republican presidential debate in New Hampshire, had President Barack Obama as a guest at her wedding.
GO NBC Sports: ’No Wall Will Stop’ NFL from Returning to Mexico - Breitbart.
GO NBC Sports’ Pro Football Talk writes that “NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell wants to go back to Mexico, and no wall will stop him.
GO Study: Christians Most Persecuted Religion In the World.
GO Christians are the most persecuted religious group in the world, with around 90, 000 killed for their faith in 2016, the director of a leading religious study group has said.
GO Sperry: Huma Abedin Worked at Radical Muslim Journal for Decade - Breitbart.
GO Author Paul Sperry dives into the Journal of Muslim Minority Affairs, where Huma Abedin worked as an editor for ten years.
GO Two Men Get 10 Years for Raping Drugged Woman in Broad Daylight.
GO Two former Troy University students have each been sentenced to ten years in prison for raping a drugged woman in broad daylight on a Florida beach as hundreds of people on spring break partied around them.
GO German Politicians Consider Forcing Facebook to Delete ’Fake News’ - Breitbart.
GO With a general election looming next year, a range of German politicians are growing increasingly concerned over what they see as the spread of “fake news” and are considering forcing Facebook to delete posts they deem unacceptable, according to German media.
GO Sanders: ‘It’s Difficult,’ But Still ‘Not Impossible’ to Beat Hillary For The Nomination - Breitbart.
GO Sunday, on CBS’ “Face the Nation,” Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said he is still fighting to beat Democratic   Hillary Clinton for the nomination.
GO Trans, LGBT Communities Unhinged Over Bruce Jenner’s Ted Cruz Support - Breitbart.
GO Transgender reality TV star and former Olympian athlete Bruce Jenner’s support for Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz might have officially put him on the outs with the trans and LGBT communities.
GO Boyle on NPR: ’We Have Seen Explosive Growth At Breitbart’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday on NPR’s “On Point,” while discussing what will Fox News will look like without Roger Ailes, Breitbart News editor Matthew Boyle said Breitbart News Network has been experiencing “explosive growth.
GO Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton Is ‘Trigger Happy’ on Foreign Policy - Breitbart.
GO Speaking to an overflow crowd in Lynden, Washington, Donald Trump called Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton “trigger happy” on foreign policy:[On foreign policy Hillary is trigger happy.
GO ’You Probably Should Have Been Aborted’: Campus Crazies Disrupt Another Milo Event - Breitbart.
GO Following last week’s scenes at Rutgers University, where Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos’ speech was interrupted by   students who smeared fake blood on their face, campus crazies have disrupted an event at the University of Minnesota.
GO Daniel Horowitz: There Is a Fifth Column in the American Government - Breitbart.
GO Asked by Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon if there is “essentially a fifth column in the national security and homeland security apparatus of the United States,” Daniel Horowitz, senior editor at Conservative Review, said, “Oh yeah, this is nothing new.
GO Saudi Funded Mosque Opens in Nice Before Attack.
GO An Islamic Mosque, funded and owned by a hardline, “fundamentalist” Saudi Arabian cleric, opened in the Nice just two weeks before the Southern French city was struck by a deadly terror attack.
GO Dan Rather: Bossie Appointment to Trump Camp ’Has To Be a Great Concern’ For Clinton, ’Should Be Worried’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Rachel Maddow Show,” former CBS anchor Dan Rather stated David Bossie’s appointment as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s Deputy Campaign Manager “has to be a great concern for the Clinton camp.
GO Again... Obama Tangles With ‘Bill Clinton Is a Rapist’ Protester - Breitbart.
GO President Obama again tangled with a “Bill Clinton Is A Rapist” protester, after the man interrupted his rally in Cleveland, Ohio for Hillary Clinton.
GO Trump to Megyn: Your Question in the Debate Wasn’t Really a Question It Was a Statement - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on the Fox broadcasting special “Megyn Kelly Presents,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said the he thought the debate question that started the issue between he and host Megyn Kelly wasn’t a question, but instead “more of a statement.
GO Ted Cruz Says He Would Pardon Man Who Exposed Planned Parenthood - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) says he would pardon David Daleiden, the man who filmed the undercover videos that exposed Planned Parenthood’s alleged practice of selling aborted fetuses.
GO Kristol: At RNC Convention Trump Needs To Say He Regrets Some of the Things He Has Said - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s upcoming Republican National Convention speech, Never Trump leader and Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol said Trump needs to admit regrets and that he made fun of people in “a nasty way.
GO Islamic State Answers Pope Francis: Ours Is a Religious War and We Hate You.
GO The Islamic State terror group has come out publicly to reject Pope Francis’ claims that the war being waged by Islamic terrorists is not religious in nature, assuring the pontiff that their sole motivation is religious and sanctioned by Allah in the Qur’an.
GO Watch Live: Donald Trump in Pensacola, FL - Breitbart.
GO Friday at 8 p. m. ET, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will hold a campaign rally at the Pensacola Bay Center in Pensacola, FL.
GO Watch: ESPN’s Dan Le Batard Walks Out on Interview With NFL Draft Guru Mel Kiper - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on ESPN Radio’s “Dan Le Batard Show,” ESPN NFL draft guru Mel Kiper Jr. spoke with   Jon “Stugotz” Weiner about last week’s NFL combine and the upcoming NFL draft, much to the chagrin of Dan Le Batard.
GO Texas School Shocked -- Principal Arrested for Soliciting Minor Online.
GO Families at one Texas middle school were shocked to learn their principal was arrested for the alleged online solicitation of a minor.
GO Concern as Saudi Woman is Allowed to Watch Husband’s Flogging.
GO A Saudi court ruling allowing a woman to watch her husband’s flogging, which he received as punishment for biting her, has been a cause for concern for some of the kingdom’s men.
GO Israel’s Netanyahu Declines Offer to Meet With Obama: White House - Breitbart.
GO Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has declined an offer to meet President Barack Obama at the White House later this month and canceled his trip to Washington, the White House said on Monday, citing Israeli news reports.
GO British Souvenir Shop Accused of Racism for Calling Itself ‘Really British’.
GO A souvenir shop in London is being accused of racism on the grounds that its name, “Really British,” amounts to saying that other stores in the area aren’t “really British.
GO University: Use ‘End of (Fiscal) Year’ Party Instead of ‘Holiday’ Party to Be ‘Inclusive’.
GO Texas Woman’s University is advising students and faculty not to use the word “holiday” when describing parties in December because it “connotes religious tradition,” and that might be offensive to   people.
GO No, Trump’s Conservative Critics Have Not Been ‘Destroyed’ or Silenced.
GO Here’s a fun theory, courtesy of New York magazine’s resident apparatchik, Jonathan Chait: Because they are devotees of the work of Ayn Rand, Donald Trump’s critics have begun to shut up.
GO Eight Priorities for Any Republican Plan to Replace Obamacare .
GO For nearly seven years now, Republican officials have vowed to “repeal and replace” Obamacare.
GO Rethinking the Bill of Rights.
GO Today marks the 225th anniversary of the ratification of the Bill of Rights.
GO The Five Stages of Losing an Election to Donald Trump.
GO Though many things have changed in American political life over the past couple of years, one aspect remains a comforting constant: Democrats never lose an election.
GO How the Political Rules Changed in 2016.
GO Over the   years that I have been working or closely observing the   business, the rules of the game haven’t changed much.
GO Will Trump Be the Transformative President Obama Wanted to Be?.
GO It’s one of the greatest examples of “careful what you wish for” in political history: President Obama is going to be replaced by the kind of Republican he’s always said he wanted.
GO How the Obama Administration Facilitated Palestinian Violence.
GO Last week the Obama administration defied both history and international law to grant Palestinian terrorists a grand victory.
GO Kerry to Israel: A State Cannot Be Both Jewish and Democratic.
GO Our ineffable secretary of state, John Kerry, delivered another parting shot at Israel today, offering the Obama administration’s “vision” for a   solution for Israel and Palestine.
GO Elderly man punched multiple times at McDonald’s.
GO An elderly man was punched multiple times in what appeared to be an unprovoked attack at a Queens McDonald’s, cops said Tuesday.
GO Of course this is Arnold Schwarzenegger’s ‘Apprentice’ catchphrase.
GO Arnold Schwarzenegger made his “Celebrity Apprentice” hosting debut Monday night by revealing his   catchphrase: “You’re terminated.
GO Passenger trains collide in Iran, 44 killed: official.
GO    people were killed and 103 injured when one Iranian passenger train collided with another at a station about 150 miles (250 km) east of the capital Tehran, state media reported.
GO Kirkland Lake Gold shareholders approve Newmarket takeover.
GO    Canadian miner Kirkland Lake Gold said on Friday its shareholders voted heavily in favor of its takeover of Newmarket Gold, confirming a Reuters story on Thursday.
GO Miami’s Cubans celebrate Castro’s death, hopeful for fresh start.
GO    poured into the streets of Miami’s Little Havana on Saturday to celebrate the death of Fidel Castro, while leaders of Florida’s Cuban emigre community portrayed his passing as a hopeful sign for reform in their homeland.
GO Johnson & Johnson hit with over $1 billion verdict on hip implants.
GO The jurors found that the    Pinnacle hip implants were defectively designed and that the companies failed to warn consumers about the risks.
GO Trump to intervene to keep U.S. jobs at home on ’day-by-day’ basis, Pence says.
GO    Donald Trump, fresh off a deal to keep nearly 1, 000 U. S. jobs in the country, will decide whether to intervene with other companies to keep them from moving jobs overseas ”on a    basis,” Vice   Mike Pence said on Sunday.
GO Climate refugees in South Asia need protection, advocates say.
GO NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation)   People forced to leave their homes because of climate change in South Asia should get the same protections given to political refugees, advocates said on Thursday.
GO Trump team memo on climate change alarms Energy Department staff.
GO    Donald Trump’s Energy Department transition team sent the agency a memo this week asking for the names of people who have worked on climate change and the professional society memberships of lab workers, alarming employees and advisors.
GO ‘A Dog’s Purpose’ Premiere Is Canceled Amid Outrage Over Video of Distressed German Shepherd - The New York Times.
GO The red carpet premiere for the film “A Dog’s Purpose” scheduled for Saturday has been canceled amid calls for a boycott after a video surfaced on Wednesday showing a German shepherd being forced into rushing waters during filming.
GO The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost - The New York Times.
GO IN my spare time, when not writing about consumer technology for The New York Times, I have a sideline renting out a cabin on Airbnb.
GO Zika may have been sexually transmitted in 14 cases: CDC.
GO In two of the suspected cases, the infection has been confirmed in women whose only known risk factor was sexual contact with an infected male partner who had recently traveled to an area with active Zika transmission through mosquito bites, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Tuesday.
GO Tim Cook made the case for Apple’s federal court case at the company’s iPhone event.
GO     Apple CEO Tim Cook opened a much anticipated company event to announce the new iPhone with a few words on the company’s   fight in cybersecurity.
GO 43 Percent Of Children Who Died From Car Crashes Were Improperly Restrained.
GO Twenty percent of children who were in a car crash where someone died were not buckled in properly or were not wearing a seat belt at all, a study finds, as were 43 percent of children who died themselves.
GO Manchester Bombing Suspect’s Father, Brother Arrested In Libya.
GO Updated at 11:40 p. m. ET, The father and younger brother of suspected Manchester Arena suicide bomber Salman Abedi have been arrested in Libya.
GO Miami’s Zika Outbreak Began Months Before It Was First Detected.
GO Last year’s Zika outbreak in Miami likely started in the spring of 2016, with the virus introduced multiple times before it was detected, researchers say.
GO Military Mortuary Employee Allegedly Offered Peek At John Glenn’s Remains.
GO The Air Force says it will investigate an incident in which an employee at the Dover Air Force Base mortuary allegedly offered to show John Glenn’s remains to Defense Department inspectors.
GO Attack On Coptic Christians Kills At Least 28 In Egypt.
GO Updated 5:40 p. m ET, Gunmen attacked buses that were taking Egyptian Christians to a monastery Friday, killing at least 28 people and wounding about the same number, according to local reports citing Egypt’s government.
GO Why The Russia Investigation Matters And Why You Should Care.
GO Updated June 20, 2017, at 2:42 p. m. ET, A lot of people wonder why there is such a focus on the Russia investigations, what Trump’s campaign did (or didn’t do) and whether there was obstruction of justice.
GO The ’Best Of’ Frank Deford, According To Frank Deford.
GO Renowned sports writer and commentator Frank Deford, 78, died on Sunday, just a few weeks after his last piece aired on Morning Edition.
GO After Stabbing, Portland’s Mayor Wants 2 Right-Wing Demonstrations Canceled.
GO Updated 7:10 p. m. ET, The mayor of Portland is calling for the cancellation of two   rallies and marches scheduled for the next few weeks, given a recent stabbing in the city by a suspect who police say has expressed ”extremist ideology.” Mayor Ted Wheeler has asked the organizers to cancel the events voluntarily while also urging the federal government to block the protests.
GO Manchester Bomber Bought Most Of Weapon’s Parts By Himself, Police Say.
GO In the days before the Manchester Arena attack, Salman Abedi, the man police have identified as the bomber, ”made most of the purchases of the core components” of the weapon himself and was largely alone as he moved about the city, British police say.
GO Crude Oil Begins To Flow Through Controversial Dakota Access Pipeline.
GO Crude oil is now flowing through the Dakota Access Pipeline, despite months of protests against it by Native American tribes and environmental groups.
GO Former Auschwitz Guard Dies Before Beginning Prison Sentence .
GO A former SS guard at the Auschwitz concentration camp has died at the age of 95 before beginning his prison sentence for being an accessory to the murder of 170, 000 people.
GO Oakland To Pay 19-Year-Old Nearly $1 Million In Police Scandal Settlement.
GO The city of Oakland, Calif. will pay a    woman $989, 000 to settle her claim that city police officers had sexually abused her.
GO Philippines Errantly Kills At Least 10 Of Its Own Troops In Fight For Marawi.
GO More than a week after   militants seized Marawi, the Philippine military suffered a significant blow in its bid to retake the southern city: The country’s defense secretary, Delfin Lorenzana, announced Thursday that an errant airstrike killed at least 10 of the military’s own soldiers and injured seven others.
GO Did James Comey Lie About Interference In The Russia Investigation? .
GO Fired FBI Director James Comey may tell the Senate Intelligence Committee next week that President Trump suggested he ease off at least part of the FBI’s Russia investigation.
GO Bill Maher Apologizes After Using N-Word On His Show.
GO Late night host Bill Maher is under fire for using a racial slur on a live broadcast of his show Real Time on Friday.
GO Bob Dylan Explains His Roots, As Only He Can, With Nobel Lecture.
GO Two months and change after he accepted his Nobel Prize for Literature in a small ceremony in Stockholm, Bob Dylan has delivered his Nobel Lecture, required of all laureates in order to finalize the award.
GO One Love Manchester Benefit Raises $3 Million, Draws Massive Audience.
GO On Sunday night at the Old Trafford cricket field southwest of the city, Ariana Grande, Katy Perry, Justin Bieber, Coldplay, Miley Cyrus, Marcus Mumford, Take That, Robbie Williams, Pharrell Williams, Imogen Heap, Liam Gallagher (who afterwards lambasted his brother Noel for not attending the show, held in the town they were born and raised) former One Direction member Niall Horan, the Black Eyed Peas (without Fergie) and Little Mix took to a quickly constructed stage for a quickly organized benefit concert, One Love Manchester.
GO In Southeast Alaska, The Ferry System Is A Lifeline.
GO Southeast Alaska is known as the Panhandle: It’s a long, narrow strip of mainland coastline, plus 1, 000 islands and the braided waterways that surround them.
GO William Krisel, Architect Who Helped Define California Modernism, Dies At 92.
GO William Krisel, a pioneering architect who brought his vision of modernism to Southern California tract housing, died Monday at age 92.
GO Reality Winner, Accused NSA Leaker, To Enter Not Guilty Plea.
GO Reality Winner, the government contractor accused of leaking a secret NSA report to the media, plans to enter a plea of not guilty, her lawyer Titus Nichols tells NPR.
GO ’Lordy, I Hope There Are Tapes’: Highlights Of James Comey’s Testimony.
GO Fired FBI Director James Comey’s   testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee was the rare Washington hearing that actually lived up to its billing.
GO Special Counsel Robert Mueller Had Been On White House Shortlist To Run FBI.
GO The Trump White House had been considering Robert Mueller as a top candidate to lead the FBI before the deputy U. S. attorney general changed course and tapped Mueller to serve as special counsel investigating Russian interference in last year’s election, two sources familiar with the process told NPR.
GO Trump Breaks Silence On Comey: ’WOW, Comey Is A Leaker!’.
GO President Trump has broken the silence he maintained during former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony Thursday, saying on Twitter that he was vindicated in the hearing that explored Russian meddling in the U. S. election, its ties to Trump’s security adviser, and Trump’s dealings with Comey.
GO How the GOP Could Use Science’s Reform Movement Against It.
GO These introspective concerns have fueled a burgeoning “reproducibility movement,” where researchers in psychology, cancer research, neuroscience, genetics, and other disciplines are developing ways of making science more reliable.
GO The Atlantic Daily: Striking Syria.
GO           This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as The Atlantic Daily, a newsletter with stories, ideas, and images from The Atlantic, written specially for subscribers.
GO The Trump Administration Withdraws Its Complaint About a Twitter Critic.
GO The U. S. government backed down from its efforts to compel Twitter to unmask a pseudonymous critic of the Trump administration, according to court filings filed Friday.
GO What Would Keynes Think of Trump’s Infrastructure Plan?.
GO And if the government is going to have a debate about infrastructure, then the public will almost certainly be hearing a lot more about John Maynard Keynes.
GO Can Wells Fargo Fix Its Culture?.
GO   Wells Fargo wants the American public to know that it’s really sorry.
GO How to Think About Walmart.
GO But for many of Walmart’s workers, the company illuminates the darker side of capitalism: The company does nearly $500 billion in worldwide sales each year, but its low prices are made possible by cheap, overseas production and hourly workers’ paltry pay.
GO How Five Princeton Women Have Navigated Their Post-College Years.
GO In her new book, Post Grad: Five Women and Their First Year Out of College, Caroline Kitchener, a writer who graduated from Princeton in 2014, explores the personal and professional choices she and four fellow female classmates made during their first year out of college.
GO Bend It Like Beckham and the Art of Balancing Cultures.
GO   When the   film Bend It Like Beckham premiered in the U. K. 15 years ago, frenzy for the impending World Cup was ramping up.
GO The Atlantic Daily: Tensions Rise.
GO           This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as The Atlantic Daily, a newsletter with stories, ideas, and images from The Atlantic, written specially for subscribers.
GO Bill O’Reilly’s Exit From Fox News .
GO Bill O’Reilly, the pugnacious host of O’Reilly Factor, whose diatribes against political correctness and attacks on those he regarded as “pinheads” enraged his liberal opponents and made Fox News a ratings powerhouse, will not be returning to the network, 21st Century Fox announced Wednesday.
GO UC Berkeley Declares Itself Unsafe for Ann Coulter.
GO UC Berkeley “reversed its decision to cancel a speech by the conservative author Ann Coulter, approving her to appear on campus in early May,” the New York Times reported this afternoon.
GO How Populism Took Root in France.
GO Of the four leading candidates in France’s presidential election, the first round of which takes place on Sunday, only one hails from a traditionally dominant   or   political party.
GO A Tax Plan That Befits the ’King of Debt’.
GO All indications are that the tax plan the White House is slated to unveil will include what Trump has described as a “massive” cut in the rate that corporations and many small businesses pay to the government.
GO Is There Any Room in the ’Big Tent’ for Pro-Life Democrats?.
GO Democratic leaders have tried to walk a fine line by emphasizing that the party stands for protecting women’s access to abortion, while signaling that there is still room for Democrats who oppose abortion.
GO Twitter: Donald Trump’s Account Will Be Banned if He Violates Rules - Breitbart.
GO Twitter has revealed it will ban anyone from its platform should they violate any of their rules, including the account of   Donald Trump.
GO Jon Voight on Donald Trump: ’How Can Anyone Doubt His Sincerity?’ - Breitbart.
GO Academy award winning actor Jon Voight praised Donald Trump during the Values Voter Summit in Washington, D. C. on Friday afternoon.
GO Former Mexican President Vicente Fox: Trump ‘Already Won’ by Furthering His Brand - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has already won because he has been able to use the election to further his brand, according to former Mexican President Vicente Fox.
GO Cops and GOP Convention Goers are Sitting Ducks, Says Cleveland Police Union.
GO The president of the Cleveland Ohio police union warns that cops and convention goers are “sitting ducks” at the 2016 Republican National Convention.
GO Zika Might Keep U.S. Goalkeeper Hope Solo out of the Olympics.
GO U. S. goalkeeper Hope Solo said the Zika outbreak in Brazil could keep her out of the Summer Olympics in August.
GO Child Rape Victim: ‘Lying’ Hillary Defended My Attacker.
GO Hillary Clinton is “lying” when she says she stands for women, declared the victim of a brutal childhood rape whose assailant was defended by the Democratic presidential candidate despite Clinton later divulging she believed that her client was guilty.
GO Terror Attacks Driving Up Gun Sales In Austria, Switzerland, Czech Republic.
GO Gun sales in Austria, Switzerland, and the Czech Republic are rising and recent terror attacks across Europe are cited as a “general” cause behind the increase.
GO George Clooney Rails Against Donald Trump: ’We’re Not Going to Build a Wall’ - Breitbart.
GO In a   interview with Esquire magazine, George Clooney named Donald Trump as the reason he can’t “defend” America from critics around the world.
GO Bill Cosby’s Star to Stay on Hollywood Walk of Fame.
GO Bill Cosby’s star will remain on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce announced Wednesday.
GO Glenn Beck: Trump Is Like Adolf Hitler in 1929 - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” radio talk show host Glenn Beck likened Republican presidential   Donald Trump to Adolf Hitler in an interview with host George Stephanopoulos.
GO Prominent Fisherman Calls On Geldof To Apologise.
GO A leading fisherman has demanded Bob Geldof apologise for his Remain campaign flotilla stunt which was “disrespectful to hard working communities”.
GO Colorado Senate Ad Compares Illegal Immigration to Exploding Toilet.
GO A conservative U. S. Senate candidate in Colorado will launch a provocative new ad that compares illegal immigration to an overflowing toilet and Washington dysfunction to a proctology exam while promising if he can’t deliver substantial results by the end of his first term, he’ll throw himself out of office.
GO Corey Lewandowski: Establishment Trying to Stop Trump Because if He Becomes President ‘Days of Backroom Deals Are Over’.
GO Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski told Breitbart News Daily that the GOP establishment is desperate to stop Trump’s candidacy “because they know that if Donald Trump becomes the nominee and ultimately the president of the United States, the days of backroom deals are over.
GO J. Christian Adams: Protecting Clinton Is Latest DOJ Scandal.
GO On Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily, SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked former Justice Department official J. Christian Adams about the latest news coming out of the DOJ, including recent revelations that a best friend of Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta is “one of the top dogs investigating the Clintons right now.
GO One Billion Users Exposed In New Yahoo Hack - Breitbart.
GO “One billion” users are reported to have been affected in another new Yahoo hack, making it the second largest data exposure revealed at the company this year following their previous breach announced in September.
GO Harry Reid: There is No Biden Rule, GOP Made That Up - Breitbart.
GO Friday, while discussing meeting with President Barack Obama’s nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court left by the late Justice Antonin Scalia, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) said the Republicans made up the Biden rule.
GO Mark Zuckerberg Loses $3.7 Billion Following Trump Election - Breitbart.
GO Since the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s net worth has fallen by $3.
GO MILO: Margaret Hamilton Was Part Of The Patriarchy - Breitbart.
GO In his talk at Ohio University on defining the patriarchy, MILO explained why the renowned computer scientist Margaret Hamilton is an example of a patriarchal figure.
GO Ted Cruz: Drudge Report Is ’the Attack Site for the Donald Trump Campaign’ - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) told a local radio show in California on Monday morning that the Drudge Report, the most popular conservative news website, has “become the attack site for the Donald Trump campaign.
GO Kirkland Woman Fabricated Sexual Assault Because She Was ’Distraught Over Election’ - Breitbart.
GO A woman from Kirkland, Washington has admitted that she lied and fabricated a story of sexual assault, claiming that she did so as she was “distraught over the recent election.
GO The ’Liberated’ City of Sinjar, Iraq Remains Unlivable for Yezidis After Islamic State Retreat - Breitbart.
GO Some Yezidis, echoing the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) tell Breitbart News that the damage to the infrastructure in Iraq’s Sinjar district and the threat that the Islamic State ( ) still poses to the region prevents them from returning home.
GO Politico: Tim Kaine Took ‘Gifts’ as Virginia Governor Like Bob McDonnell - Breitbart.
GO In June, Isaac Arnsdorf wrote at Politico about the troubling “gifts” Virginia Senator Tim Kaine received while governor of Virginia, noting that “similar presents” led to corruption charges former Virginia governor Bob McDonnell.
GO Princeton Will Keep Woodrow Wilson’s Name for Public Policy School Despite Student Protests - Breitbart.
GO The Board of Trustees at Princeton University decided not to rename the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs after significant pressure from student activists to remove President Wilson’s name from the school due to Wilson’s segregationist views.
GO Trump Advisor: Ted Cruz Should Demand an Election in Colorado - Breitbart.
GO Following Sen. Ted Cruz’s “voterless victory “ in Colorado, Donald Trump’s senior policy advisor Stephen Miller called on Cruz to demand an election in Colorado.
GO Facebook Suspends FrackNation Page For Telling The Truth About Fracking.
GO The Facebook page of FrackNation was suspended for 24 hours at the weekend after a series of complaints by activists who objected to the fact that it was telling the truth about fracking.
GO Resettlement Agencies: Increase Middle East-South Asia Refugees in Michigan by 40 Percent, Send 100 to Flint - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart News has obtained the FY 2017 refugee resettlement proposals from the five leading resettlement agencies that operate in Michigan showing they plan to jam down a 40 percent increase in refugees from the “Middle   Asia” region, which includes Syria, on residents of Michigan in the fiscal year that begins on October 1.
GO Milo Yiannopoulos Sings Happy Birthday to Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Tech and Social Justice Editor Milo Yiannopoulos sang Happy Birthday to the presumptive Republican nominee, Donald Trump, or, as Milo affectionately referred to him in song, “President Daddy.
GO How I Got 235,000 Terrorists Suspended From Twitter - Breitbart.
GO Twitter has told us that in the last six months, it has suspended 235, 000   accounts.
GO Ted Cruz: Trump Resorts to ’Profane’ Insults Because ’He Can’t Defend His Own Record’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said Tuesday that rival Donald Trump resorts to “crude and profane” insults because “He can’t defend his own record.
GO Phyllis Schlafly’s Eagle Forum President: ’Drain the Swamp of Failed Leaders like Ryan’.
GO “It is time to drain the swamp of failed leaders like [House Speaker Paul] Ryan,” says Ed Martin, the late Phyllis Schlafly’s   successor and president of her Eagle Forum Education and Legal Defense Fund.
GO Rex Ryan to Introduce Trump at Buffalo Rally - Breitbart.
GO Buffalo Bills head coach Rex Ryan will introduce business mogul Donald Trump at a rally in Buffalo, N. Y. tonight, according to several sources.
GO Schumer: We Are Not Going to Help Trump ’Build His Wall’ - Breitbart.
GO On Sunday’s broadcast of NBC’s “Meet The Press,” newly elected Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said the Senate Democrats are not going to help   Donald Trump “build his wall.
GO Trump to Mexican Cartels: ’Your Days are Numbered’.
GO The days of Mexican drug cartels being able to operate with impunity on both sides of the southern border are numbered, said Republican Presidential Nominee Donald Trump.
GO Watch: Ted Cruz Takes Phone Call From Jimmy Fallon’s ’Trump’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on NBC’s “The Tonight Show,” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) entertained a phone call from “Donald Trump” played by show host Jimmy Fallon advising him how to answers questions he might face from Fallon in his appearance.
GO Breitbart’s Aaron Klein: ’Almost Impossible’ Brussels Terrorists Could Infiltrate Israel’s Airport - Breitbart.
GO Israeli defense officials are commenting on the “ridiculous” lack of airport security in Brussels, said Breitbart Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter Aaron Klein.
GO Trump: Bill Clinton Should Be Asked If He’s Like Bill Cosby - Breitbart.
GO Monday on “The Howie Carr Show,” Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said former president Bill Clinton should be asked how he was different from Bill Cosby, who was recently criminally charged for an alleged 2004 sexual assault.
GO Why Your Facebook Friends Are Clueless About the Clinton Emails.
GO If you’ve found yourself debating liberal friends on Facebook about Hillary Clinton’s email scandal recently, you’ve probably noticed that they are clueless.
GO Brian Williams: Cubans Would Rather Have Donkey Carts for Transportation - Breitbart.
GO Vid: B Williams: Cubans use donkey carts “because that’s exactly what they’d rather have for transportation” #TTT16 pic.
GO CNN: Ted Cruz ’Knowingly Misstated CNN’s Reporting’ - Breitbart.
GO CNN is charging that GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) “knowingly misstated CNN’s reporting during Saturday’s Republican primary debate.
GO Harvey Weinstein Mocks Sanders: ’We Won’t Get Fooled Again’.
GO Liberal Hollywood mogul and Hillary Clinton supporter Harvey Weinstein cited The Who in slamming Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and his policy proposals on Friday: “We won’t get fooled again,” he told CBS This Morning.
GO Trump: ’I Think People Knew That There Were No WMD’ in Iraq - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” when asked if President George W. Bush lied about Iraq having weapons of mass destruction which was the justification for the war, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said “I think that people knew that there were no weapons of mass destruction.
GO Sanders: ’When You Are White...You Don’t Know What It’s Like To Be Poor’ - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said Sunday night at the CNN debate in Michigan that, “when you are white   …     you don’t know what it’s like to be poor.
GO EXCLUSIVE - Trump Adviser: Rubio Will Never Say ’I’m Sorry’ for Gang of 8 Bill - Breitbart.
GO Senior Donald Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller said that Marco Rubio is proud of his work on the   Gang of 8 bill and will never apologize for it.
GO Green Day Frontman Billie Joe Armstrong: Trump is ’F*cking Hitler, Man!’ - Breitbart.
GO Billie Joe Armstrong, frontman for rock band Green Day, became the latest celebrity to compare Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to Hitler in an interview this week.
GO Germany To Set Up "Ministry of Truth" Ahead of 2017 Federal Election.
GO The German Interior Ministry has announced its intention to combat   “fake news” on social media by setting up a “defence centre against disinformation,” ahead of next year’s federal election.
GO Vice President Joe Biden is OK with Jeff Sessions for AG.
GO Vice President Joe Biden, who led the fight against Jeff Sessions in the 1980s when he was nominated to be a federal judge, told CNN’s Jake Tapper on Sunday’s edition of State of the Union that he would accept Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) as Attorney General under President Donald Trump.
GO Marco Rubio Willing to Speak for Donald Trump at Convention - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Marco Rubio is not only going to go to the Republican convention that will nominate Donald Trump as the presidential nominee, he would be willing to speak for his former rival and release his delegates to him.
GO North Korea Nuke Could Blow Up Hillary Clinton’s Campaign.
GO North Korea’s claim to have detonated a hydrogen bomb on Wednesday may cause major new problems for Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign.
GO Trump: ’45% Tax Is a Threat, It Was Not a Tax, It Was a Threat’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump stated, “The 45% tax is a threat, it was not a tax, it was a threat” regarding his proposed 45% tariff during Thursday’s Republican presidential debate on CNN.
GO Top 5 Ways Democrats Challenged the Legitimacy of the 2000 Election - Breitbart.
GO To hear the current caterwauling over Donald Trump’s promise to “keep us in suspense” about whether he’ll accept the results of the 2016 presidential election, you’d think Democrats had never challenged the validity of an election result before.
GO Border Patrol Chief: Assaults on Agents Have Increased 200% From Previous Year-to-Date - Breitbart.
GO During testimony before the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee on Wednesday, Border Patrol Chief Mark Morgan stated that assaults on Border Patrol agents have    increased “200% from the previous   .
GO Carville: Bill Clinton Balanced Budgets, Donald Trump Bankrupted Companies - Breitbart.
GO Monday on Bloomberg Politics’ “With All Due Respect” broadcasted on MSNBC, political commentator and longtime Clinton ally James Carville discussed the political    between Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, former President Bill Clinton, and his wife, Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton and said Trump is “a man that bankrupt four companies” while former President Bill Clinton is “a man who balanced four federal budgets.
GO Poll: Who Should Be Donald Trump’s Secretary of State? - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump has not yet announced his pick for secretary of state, though the press has speculated on several prospective candidates.
GO Hillary: ’Rules Should Change’ To Keep People From Doing What I Did With My Emails - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said “the rules should change” to prevent people from doing what she did with her emails in an interview with Des Moines, IA’s, NBC affiliate, Channel 13 WHO, broadcast on Sunday’s “News Today In Iowa.
GO Donald Trump on Hillary Clinton: ’I Think We’ll Whip Out’ Clinton Cash, ’Very Pertinent’ - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump tells Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM with host Stephen K. Bannon that Bill and Hillary Clinton have a net worth of more than $100 million dollars, referencing Breitbart News editor Peter Schweizer’s book, Clinton Cash.
GO Howard Dean: ’I Do Not Support Keith’ Ellison for DNC Chair - Breitbart.
GO Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean announced on Friday that he has dropped out of the race to become the next chairman of the Democratic National Committee and said he does not support contender Keith Ellison “as long as he has his congressional seat.
GO Study: Facebook Brings as Much Happiness as Marriage - Breitbart.
GO Positive reaction to one’s Facebook activity can bring as much happiness as marriage or having a baby, according to a new study.
GO Hillary Clinton: ‘I May Have Short Circuited’ on Email Answer.
GO Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said she may have “short circuited” during her response on her emails in an interview with Fox News reporter Chris Wallace.
GO Bush In GOP Debate: A Mistake On a Background Check Is Not a Loophole - Breitbart.
GO During the January 14 GOP Debate, presidential hopeful Jeb Bush addressed alleged Charleston gunman Dylann Roof’s acquisition of a firearm by pointing out that the FBI admitted it make a mistake on Roof’s background check, but a mistake is not a loophole.
GO WATCH: Beyoncé Smashes New Orleans Police Camera with Baseball Bat in Trailer for HBO Mystery Project - Breitbart.
GO Beyoncé released a provocative teaser trailer for a project that will premiere on HBO April 23, in which the pop queen appears to swing a baseball bat at a New Orleans Police Department surveillance camera.
GO Stabbing of Michigan police officer at airport called an ’act of terrorism’.
GO A police officer in Flint, Michigan, was stabbed in the neck at the city’s airport on Wednesday morning, in an attack US officials are describing as an “act of terrorism”.
GO Melania Trump’s style evokes Jackie Kennedy and Nancy Reagan.
GO If Melania Trump had former first ladies on her mood board while shopping for the inauguration, then it was dominated by Jackie Kennedy’s ceremonial formalities on the West Lawn and Nancy Reagan’s evening celebrations.
GO Marine Le Pen denies French role in wartime roundup of Paris Jews.
GO The French   presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has denied that the French state was responsible for the wartime roundup of Jews at a Paris cycling track who were then sent to Nazi death camps.
GO Ivanka Trump shoes slated for production at China factory despite brand’s denial.
GO When three activists investigating labour abuses at a factory that makes Ivanka Trump shoes in China were arrested, the brand stayed silent for a week and then attempted to distance itself from the controversy by saying it had been months since its products were manufactured there.
GO Late-night hosts on Trump’s reason for firing Comey: ’It rhymes with Russia’.
GO   hosts continued to challenge Donald Trump’s decision to fire the FBI director, James Comey, remarking on the ramifications it has for US democracy.
GO Polygraph for pedophiles: how virtual reality is used to assess sex offenders.
GO In a maximum security mental health facility in Montreal is a “ ” virtual reality vault that’s used to show images of child sexual abuse to sex offenders.
GO PWR BTTM lose opening bands and touring members after sexual abuse claims.
GO PWR BTTM have lost support from the opening bands, touring members and music festival organizers after allegations of sexual misconduct.
GO Erin Moran, actor who played Joanie Cunningham in Happy Days, dies at 56.
GO Erin Moran, the former child star who rose to fame as Joanie Cunningham in the sitcom Happy Days but lived out her final years in a trailer park in Indiana, has died age 56.
GO Prodigy, rapper of Mobb Deep fame, dies aged 42.
GO The rapper Prodigy, one half of the American   duo Mobb Deep, died on Tuesday at the age of 42.
GO Google Maps to help settle Afghanistan-Pakistan border dispute.
GO Pakistan and Afghanistan plan to use Google Maps to help settle a border dispute that led to deadly clashes last week, officials from both sides have said.
GO Trump fires FBI director Comey, raising questions over Russia investigation.
GO Donald Trump has fired James Comey as FBI director in a move that has raised concerns over the independence of the bureau’s investigation into links between the Trump campaign and Russia in the   to last year’s US presidential election.
GO Viola Davis: ‘That’s how I feel about my life now. I’m pretty fabulous’.
GO It’s the   to Christmas and everybody in Los Angeles, which to a Brit feels unseasonably   is bemoaning the chilly weather as we settle down in the Beverly Hills hotel, Viola Davis draws a warm jacket around her shoulders.
GO Westminster attacker acted alone and motive may never be known, say police.
GO Police investigating the Westminster attack have concluded that Khalid Masood acted entirely alone for reasons that may never be known.
GO Paul Ryan urges Republicans to back travel ban despite anger over its rollout.
GO Paul Ryan has urged Republicans to stand by Donald Trump’s travel ban on people from seven   countries, throwing his support behind the restrictive policy despite its mixed reactions from lawmakers on Capitol Hill.
GO Reporter’s body found in Mexico, marking seventh journalist murder this year.
GO The body of a missing Mexican reporter has been found in the western state of Michoacán, bringing to seven the number of journalists murdered in the country this year.
GO James Comey defends Clinton email decision but warns of threat from Russia.
GO FBI director James Comey on Wednesday described Russia as “the greatest threat” to US democracy, but defended his decision to keep secret an investigation into the Trump campaign’s links to Moscow despite revealing details of an inquiry into Hillary Clinton’s handling of classified emails.
GO Polish MEP punished for saying women are less intelligent than men.
GO A   Polish MEP who said women must earn less than men because they are weaker, smaller and less intelligent has been handed an unprecedented punishment by the European parliament.
GO Two Republican senators vow to oppose Betsy DeVos as education secretary.
GO Two Republican senators have turned against the billionaire Republican fundraiser and activist Betsy DeVos, Donald Trump’s nominee for secretary of education.
GO Jude Law to play young Dumbledore in Fantastic Beasts 2.
GO Jude Law will take on the role of the young Dumbledore in a sequel to Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
GO Army veterans return to Standing Rock to form a human shield against police.
GO US veterans are returning to Standing Rock and pledging to shield indigenous activists from attacks by a militarized police force, another sign that the fight against the Dakota Access pipeline is far from over.
GO Paul Manafort reportedly offered to help Putin advance Moscow’s interests.
GO Donald Trump’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort once offered to help Vladimir Putin advance Moscow’s interests as part of a   contract agreed with a Russian billionaire with close ties to the Kremlin, it has been reported.
GO Model Gigi Hadid to feature on the first cover of Middle East Vogue.
GO The model Gigi Hadid will feature on the first ever cover of the fashion magazine Vogue’s Middle East edition, it has been announced.
GO Author Kuki Gallmann shot by raiders on her ranch in Kenya.
GO Author and conservationist Kuki Gallmann, whose memoir I Dreamed of Africa was turned into a Hollywood film starring Kim Basinger, has been shot by raiders at her ranch in Kenya.
GO The Bee Gees’ Barry Gibb speaks about childhood experience of abuse.
GO The Bee Gees star Barry Gibb has spoken for the first time about an incident in his childhood when a man attempted to molest him.
GO Theresa May’s speech to warn EU of risk of giving UK a raw Brexit deal.
GO Theresa May will aim to strike a defiant tone in her upcoming Brexit speech on the risks to the rest of the EU of giving Britain a raw deal, echoing the combative approach taken by the chancellor.
GO Donald Trump considered using national guard to round up immigrants, memo suggests.
GO The Trump administration considered a proposal to mobilize as many as 100, 000 national guard troops to round up unauthorized immigrants, including millions living nowhere near the Mexico border, according to a draft memo obtained by the Associated Press.
GO Munira Ahmed: the woman who became the face of the Trump resistance.
GO Munira Ahmed, a    freelancer from Queens, has become the face of resistance to the Trump administration, her image carried by thousands of protesters in Saturday’s massed marches in opposition to the newly elected president.
GO Miami Open: Roger Federer’s resurgence continues with win over Rafael Nadal.
GO Roger Federer assured Rafael Nadal he will win the Miami Open one day after the Swiss beat the Spaniard to claim his third title of 2017.
GO Lewis Hamilton inspired by Serena Williams response to Ilie Nastase abuse.
GO Lewis Hamilton has spoken out in support of Serena Williams after she was the victim of racial abuse from the former player Ilie Nastase last week.
GO Neil Gorsuch hearing: nominee urged to reject Trump’s attacks on judiciary.
GO Neil Gorsuch was told he should publicly and explicitly reject Donald Trump’s attacks on the independence of the judiciary on Monday, the opening day of his confirmation hearing for the supreme court.
GO Family of Soundgarden’s Chris Cornell say he did not intend to kill himself.
GO Soundgarden lead singer Chris Cornell did not intend to take his own life, his family have said the day after a US medical examiner’s report determined his cause of death as suicide by hanging.
GO Barcelona’s Neymar to miss clásico after extra ban for ‘sarcastic applause’.
GO The Barcelona forward Neymar will miss the clásico against Real Madrid this month after being given a   ban following his red card at Málaga on Saturday.
GO Los Angeles playground ban would brand single adults as pedophiles, say critics.
GO A proposed law banning lone adults from Los Angeles playgrounds has triggered an outcry from critics who say it would stigmatize single people as pedophiles.
GO Oliver Stone on Vladimir Putin: ‘The Russian people have never been better off’.
GO ‘Have you ever been beaten?” Vladimir Putin poses the question to Oliver Stone close to the end of Stone’s extraordinary   documentary on the Russian leader.
GO Aung San Suu Kyi denies ethnic cleansing of Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar.
GO Myanmar’s leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, said ethnic cleansing was too strong a term to describe what was happening in the   Rakhine region, the BBC reported on Wednesday.
GO Michael Bloomberg to world leaders: ignore Trump on climate change.
GO The former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg has urged world leaders not to follow Donald Trump’s lead on climate change, and declared his own intention to stave off the “tragedy” that would be the collapse of the Paris climate deal.
GO Alabama’s governor resigns to avoid impeachment amid allegations of affair.
GO Alabama’s governor, Robert Bentley, resigned on Monday rather than face impeachment and pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor campaign violations that arose during the investigation of an alleged affair with a top aide.
GO Waco biker gang shootout: first trial set for April, 23 months after Texas gunfight.
GO The first trial over a gunfight in central Texas between rival motorcycle gangs that left nine people dead, 20 hurt and more than 150 bikers charged has been set for April, 23 months after the shootout at a Waco restaurant.
GO El Chapo’s lawyers say drug kingpin is subjected to overly strict jail conditions.
GO Lawyers representing Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán have complained that the Mexican drug kingpin is being subjected to excessively strict conditions in federal jail as he awaits trial.
GO Melania and Barron Trump will move to the White House this summer.
GO Melania Trump will move into the White House this summer after having remained in Trump Tower in New York since her husband took over the presidency in January.
GO Louisiana officer gets 40 years in prison in killing of 6-year-old with autism.
GO A Louisiana law enforcement officer was sentenced on Friday to 40 years in prison a week after a jury convicted him of manslaughter in the shooting death of a    boy with autism.
GO Kerry James Marshall: ’As an artist, everything should be a challenge’.
GO The day before the crowds get in to his critically praised retrospective, Kerry James Marshall is walking around the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles, taking in 30 years of his work.
GO US Border Patrol chief ousted after Trump revealed wall plans, official says.
GO The Border Patrol chief has been forced out a day after Donald Trump announced an ambitious plan to build a wall at the Mexican border and hire 5, 000 Border Patrol agents, a US official told the Associated Press.
GO BBC crew and tourists injured in lava explosion on Mount Etna.
GO BBC crew members were among 10 people injured when lava flow triggered an explosion as it came into contact with snow on Mount Etna in Sicily on Thursday.
GO Thank you for your support, which is more important now than ever.
GO I’m delighted to let you know that today we have reached an important milestone in our efforts to rebalance the Guardian’s business model to offset the dramatic decline in advertising: the Guardian now has the financial support of more than 200, 000 members.
GO Suicide bombers attack Afghan police HQ, killing or wounding dozens.
GO Dozens of people have been killed or wounded after up to five suicide bombers attacked a police headquarters in eastern Afghanistan on Sunday, officials said.
GO Tropes, trolls and Trump: the fantasy writer who inspired George RR Martin.
GO When the American fantasy writer Tad Williams first met Game of Thrones author George RR Martin, Martin growled at him: “Get the hell out of here.
GO Universal basic income trials being considered in Scotland.
GO Scotland looks set to be the first part of the UK to pilot a basic income for every citizen, as councils in Fife and Glasgow investigate trial schemes in 2017.
GO Paul Manafort volunteers to speak to House Trump-Russia inquiry.
GO Donald Trump’s embattled former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, has volunteered to be interviewed by the House inquiry into alleged connections between Trump and Russia, the similarly embattled head of that investigation announced on Friday.
GO Deutsche Bank fined $630m over Russia money laundering claims.
GO Deutsche Bank has been fined more than $630m (£506m) for failing to prevent $10bn of Russian money laundering and exposing the UK financial system to the risk of financial crime.
GO Rex Tillerson: ’America first’ means divorcing our policy from our values.
GO The US secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, has said Donald Trump’s “America first” approach to the world means decoupling US foreign policy from values such as human rights and freedom.
GO British Muslim teacher denied entry to US on school trip.
GO A British Muslim schoolteacher travelling to New York last week as a member of a school party from south Wales was denied entry to the United States.
GO Robert Mugabe could contest election as corpse, says wife.
GO Zimbabwe’s    president, Robert Mugabe, should run “as a corpse” in next year’s election if he dies before the vote, his wife has said.
GO Top UN official puts faith in Ivanka Trump to lobby father on aid cuts.
GO The head of the UN World Food Programme has said he is hopeful Ivanka Trump will lobby her father into a   on cuts to humanitarian aid in the face of an urgent cash crisis that is imperilling hundreds of thousands of lives.
GO At least 3,000 geese killed by toxic water from former Montana copper mine.
GO At least 3, 000 geese were killed by a toxic stew formed by a former copper mine in Butte, Montana, last fall, raising questions about how the new Trump administration will handle the largest Superfund site in the country.
GO French presidential election: Emmanuel Macron vows to clean up politics.
GO Emmanuel Macron, the independent centrist running for French president, has promised new laws to clean up the murky morals of French politics, in a dig at his   rightwing opponent François Fillon.
GO Victim’s brother: stop using Manchester attack to denounce immigration.
GO The brother of Martyn Hett, who was killed in the Manchester bombing, has appealed for people to stop using the tragedy to denounce immigration.
GO Why I, a Brit, am standing to be president of the European parliament.
GO Next Tuesday, the European parliament is due to elect its president for the remainder of this term and the contest is more open than it has ever been.
GO Campaign group to challenge UK over surrender of passwords at border control.
GO The human rights group Cage is preparing to mount a legal challenge to UK   legislation over a refusal to hand over mobile and laptop passwords to border control officials at air terminals, ports and international rail stations.
GO Barack Obama forever changed black America.
GO Black America’s conception of ourselves was forever changed by Barack Obama’s presidency.
GO Former Norway PM held at Washington airport over 2014 visit to Iran.
GO A former prime minister of Norway has spoken of his shock after he was held and questioned at Washington Dulles airport because of a visit to Iran three years ago.
GO Ryan Adams discusses his Summer of ’69 humiliation: ’I was so angry’.
GO Ryan Adams has talked about the night he cracked on stage when a concertgoer heckled him by calling for him to sing Bryan Adams’s Summer of ’69, saying the night “was the beginning of who I am today.
GO Virginia shooting: gunman was leftwing activist with record of domestic violence.
GO James “Tom” Hodgkinson, the gunman who shot congressman Steve Scalise during an attack on a Republican congressional baseball practice session on Wednesday, was a leftwing political activist with a record of domestic violence.
GO Jimmy Breslin, chronicler of wise guys and underdogs, dies at age of 87.
GO The   Jimmy Breslin, a Pulitzer   chronicler of wise guys and underdogs who became the brash embodiment of the   street smart New Yorker, died on Sunday.
GO Bernhard Langer: Trump apologized to me over voter fraud story.
GO Bernhard Langer, the   Masters champion, has said that Donald Trump called him to apologize for any misunderstanding after the golfer was caught up in one of the president’s confusing tales about alleged voter fraud.
GO US private prison program rebooted by Trump administration.
GO The Trump administration has scrapped Barack Obama’s program of ending the justice department’s use of private prisons, embracing an industry that has come under sharp criticism from civil rights advocates.
GO No African citizens granted visas for African trade summit in California.
GO An annual African trade summit in California had no African attendees this year after at least 60 people were denied visas, according to event leaders.
GO WhatsApp must be accessible to authorities, says Amber Rudd.
GO Amber Rudd has called for the police and intelligence agencies to be given access to WhatsApp and other encrypted messaging services to thwart future terror attacks, prompting opposition politicians and civil liberties groups to say her demand was unrealistic and disproportionate.
GO Leading French academic threatened with deportation at Houston airport.
GO A prominent French historian has said he was detained for more than 10 hours in Houston and threatened with deportation, in the latest of several examples of   individuals being questioned extensively at US airports before being allowed entry.
GO Barack Obama says Donald Trump may have ’enough craziness’ to be president.
GO Barack Obama thinks Donald Trump is “very engaging and gregarious” and “not lacking in confidence” to the point where he may have “enough craziness to think [he] can do the job”.
GO Press groups ask Congress to investigate Greg Gianforte over body-slamming reporter.
GO A coalition of press freedom organizations have asked Congress to investigate the alleged assault of a Guardian reporter by newly elected Republican congressman, Greg Gianforte, on the eve of the state’s special election.
GO Former South Carolina officer pleads guilty in Walter Scott killing.
GO Former South Carolina police officer Michael Slager has pleaded guilty to using excessive force in the 2015 fatal shooting of unarmed black man Walter Scott and now faces the possibility of life in prison.
GO Tillerson: China agrees on ’action’ on North Korea as navy strike group sails.
GO As the US navy deployed a strike group towards the western Pacific Ocean, to provide a presence near the Korean peninsula, the secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, said China agreed with the Trump administration that “action has to be taken” regarding North Korea.
GO Mississippi pro-choice activist fired on International Women’s Day.
GO Catholic Charities fired a Mississippi employee on International Women’s Day for discussing her former   advocacy work in a recent magazine article.
GO Barack Obama surprises Joe Biden with Presidential Medal of Freedom.
GO Barack Obama surprised the   Joe Biden, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom on Thursday.
GO Seattle mayor drops re-election bid amid allegations he sexually abused teens.
GO Seattle mayor Ed Murray on Tuesday dropped his   bid for a second term after four men claimed he sexually abused them when they were teenagers, claims vehemently denied by Murray as an   political conspiracy aimed at derailing his campaign.
GO China to create ’giant’ giant panda reserve to boost wild population.
GO China is planning to create a giant panda reserve three times the size of Yellowstone national park in the US, as part of efforts to boost the wild population of the   animal.
GO Donald Trump inauguration: Bill and Hillary Clinton to attend.
GO Bill and Hillary Clinton plan to attend Donald Trump’s inauguration in a decision that will put Hillary Clinton on the stage as her bitter rival from the 2016 campaign assumes the office she long sought.
GO Robert Taylor, internet and computer pioneer, dies aged 85.
GO Robert Taylor, who was instrumental in creating the internet and the modern personal computer, has died.
GO What the camera doesn’t capture in those viral videos of police shootings.
GO            A series of startling shootings by police, including one this week of a Florida therapist wounded by police gunfire while helping an autistic man, have been captured in graphic detail on video, prompting renewed demands to retrain and reform America’s police departments.
GO Second North Miami police officer on leave for ‘conflicting statements’ about shooting of unarmed man.
GO        Authorities in North Miami, Fla. said Friday that they had placed a second police officer on leave as part of the investigation into a police shooting there earlier this week in which an officer shot and wounded an unarmed man.
GO Former KKK leader David Duke, citing Trump, announces Senate bid.
GO        Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke is running for the U. S. Senate, linking his decision to Donald Trump’s bid for the presidency and the business mogul’s proposals on trade and immigration.
GO Donald Trump defends Roger Ailes, casts suspicion on his accusers.
GO      Donald Trump this weekend defended longtime friend Roger Ailes, the ousted chief executive of Fox News who is accused of sexually harassing at least two dozen women.
GO Two teenagers killed, more than a dozen people injured in shooting at Fort Myers, Fla., club.
GO          A shooting early Monday morning outside a nightclub in Fort Myers, Fla. killed at least two teenagers and injured more than a dozen other people, with a    reported to be among the wounded, according to authorities.
GO Six more Michigan employees charged with misconduct in Flint water crisis.
GO          Six Michigan employees were charged Friday with misconduct in office for their alleged roles in the lead contamination of Flint’s water supply, which has exposed thousands of children to the toxin and left most city residents drinking bottled water for more than two years.
GO Why would Russia interfere in the U.S. election? Because it sometimes works..
GO      In the wake of the release of emails stolen from the Democratic National Committee, and the assessment by some intelligence experts that Russia leaked the documents in hopes of tilting the election in favor of Republican Donald Trump, observers have expressed furor that a foreign government would seek to influence American politics.
GO Former NFL player and wife allegedly killed in home by teenage son.
GO        player Antonio Armstrong and his wife, Dawn, were shot and killed in the bedroom of their Houston home on Friday, allegedly by their    son, the Houston Chronicle reports.
GO Several school districts say After School Satan clubs likely in line with policies.
GO       Several U. S. school districts indicated Monday that they think the Satanic Temple’s plan to open “After School Satan” clubs in elementary schools probably conforms with their policies and local laws, and the Prince George’s County, Md.
GO ‘She has no pants and she is in courtâ€™: Judge outraged over inmate’s appearance.
GO          AÂ Kentucky judge berated jail administrators when a womanÂ detaineeÂ was brought into aÂ courtroom for sentencing, appearing to have on a long shirt and no pants, complaining that she had not received a jail jumpsuit or feminine hygiene products since she was taken into custody.
GO Supreme Court issues stay in transgender bathroom case, blocking teen’s use of boys’ bathroom.
GO    The U. S. Supreme Court issued a stay in a case involving a transgender teen who is suing his school board for the right to use the boys’ bathroom at his Virginia high school, a move that halts a court order that would have allowed the student to use the bathroom of his choice when the school year begins.
GO Trump’s false claim that Clinton ‘started the talks’ to give $400 million to Iran.
GO      “Our incompetent secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran.
GO Donald Trump isn’t just withholding his endorsement from Paul Ryan. He’s threatening him..
GO      The fact that Donald Trump wasn’t willing to say he supports House Speaker Paul Ryan in the Wisconsin Republican’s primary fight later this month is big news.
GO Bradley Cooper will bring Washington Post reporter’s Pulitzer-winning book to HBO.
GO      HBO and Bradley Cooper are developing a miniseries based on Washington Post reporter Joby Warrick’s 2016 Pulitzer   book “Black Flags: The Rise of ISIS.
GO Donald Trump’s new team of billionaire advisers could threaten his populist message.
GO          Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Friday announced a new team of   financiers and businessmen as his core economic advisers, a move that brings   names to his inner circle but also may step on his populist claims to save America’s middle class.
GO Republican officials say Trump could lose to Clinton in key battleground states.
GO          This story has been updated Two Republican elected officials who have been critical of Donald Trump are voicing serious doubts about the mogul’s ability to win their key battleground states of Ohio and Arizona, after the GOP presidential nominee suffered one of the most bruising weeks of his campaign.
GO Ichiro Suzuki reaches 3,000 hits with a triple.
GO      Ichiro Suzuki became the 30th player in Major League Baseball history with 3, 000 hits, and only the second to reach the milestone with a triple, on Sunday at Coors Field.
GO Policy frauds peddling Trump’s snake oil.
GO      Even some of Donald Trump’s most   supporters don’t believe the snake oil that he is peddling on economics.
GO Clinton’s email server did not lead to an Iranian scientist’s death.
GO          Despite what you might read on Donald Trump’s twitter feed, the Iranian execution of a nuclear scientist who defected to the United States and then changed his mind was not caused by Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server.
GO Venezuela’s death spiral is getting worse.
GO      Venezuela is stuck in a doom loop that’s become a death spiral.
GO Russian report on Trump’s psychological makeup called him ‘naive’.
GO Russian strongman Vladimir Putin ordered up a dossier on President Trump’s psychological makeup to help him prepare for their first sitdown, a new report said Monday.
GO Obama: Islamic State Will Be Defeated ‘Inevitably’ - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama tried to talk down Islamic State terrorism during his press conference at the Pentagon, insisting that it would be defeated “inevitably.
GO Dallas Police Headquarters Cleared After Search.
GO The Dallas SWAT team has deployed to the downtown police headquarters after what is being called a “credible threat” was received.
GO Poll: Paul Ryan Loses to Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders - Breitbart.
GO Speaker of the House Paul Ryan would lose a    presidential contest with either Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders, according to a new Rasmussen poll.
GO Congress To Send Obama Bill Defunding Planned Parenthood and Repealing Obamacare - Breitbart.
GO Next week, Congress is expected to send President Obama a bill that would both defund Planned Parenthood and repeal Obamacare’s mandates and the taxes that enable the law.
GO Murdoch’s Louise Mensch: ’Everyone’ Who Votes Trump is ’Scum of The Earth’ - Breitbart.
GO Former British politician and self proclaimed “committed Republican,” Louise Mensch has taken her opposition to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to the next level, declaring “everyone” who plans on voting for him to be “scum of the earth.
GO Actor Chris Hemsworth Under Fire for Wearing Native American Costume at New Year’s Eve Party.
GO Actor Chris Hemsworth became the subject of social media scorn over the weekend for wearing a Native   costume at a New Year’s party.
GO Zika Economics: Brazil Calls Emergency Mercosur Meeting.
GO Brazil’s president, Dilma Rousseff, is calling an emergency meeting of the Latin American trade bloc Mercosur over the rapid spread of the Zika virus.
GO Rio de Janeiro Governor: Olympics May Be ’Big Failure’.
GO The governor of Rio de Janeiro state, Francisco Dornelles, told the Brazilian newspaper O Globo on Monday that the Summer Olympics hosted in the state’s capital city may be a “big failure” due to the pervasive lack of funding for health and security infrastructure, leaving tourists and athletes exposed to crime and disease.
GO Exclusive - Sarah Palin on Orlando Islamic Terror Attack: ‘The Solution Begins with Acknowledging the Threat’ - Breitbart.
GO In an exclusive statement to Breitbart News on the Orlando shooting at a gay nightclub on Saturday night by a gunman who pledged his allegiance to the Islamic State, former Alaska governor Sarah Palin expressed “profound sorrow for the victims” and affirmed that “Americans must have the means to protect against Islamic terror.
GO Raheem Kassam: Steve Bannon Is ‘the Man Who Flew to London to Hire This Brown Guy from a Muslim Family’ - Breitbart.
GO In the course of hosting Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily, Breitbart London    Raheem Kassam stood up for departed Breitbart News Executive Chairman Steve Bannon, who has been under sustained attack from the Left since becoming first Donald Trump’s campaign chairman and now chief White House strategist.
GO Melania Trump Defends The Donald: ’He’s Not Hitler’ - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump’s wife, Melania Trump, defended him during a recent interview, saying, “He’s not Hitler.
GO Washington Examiner: Ted Cruz Pushed to Dramatically Expand Muslim Migration in 2013 - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) introduced legislative proposals that would have radically expanded Muslim migration into the United States, when Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) was pushing to open America’s borders in 2013, the Washington Examiner‘s Paul Bedard noted in a new exposé.
GO HuffPo’s Stein: $1 Million Gift From Qatar to Bill Clinton ’Confirms Sort of the Worst Portraits of the Clintons’ - Breitbart.
GO On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Huffington Post Senior Politics Editor Sam Stein stated that the $1 million birthday gift from Qatar to former President Bill Clinton “confirms sort of the worst portraits of the Clintons, and how they operated out of office.
GO Texas Couple Charged With Making Kids Eat Vomit.
GO A couple from San Antonio, Texas, has been charged with child abuse for allegedly making their children eat jalapenos until they   and then making them eat the vomit.
GO Under Hillary Clinton Presidency, U.S. Muslim Population Would Exceed France’s by 2024 - Breitbart.
GO If Hillary Clinton’s expansionist immigration policies were put into effect, the U. S. Muslim population could exceed France’s current Muslim population by the end of a President Clinton’s second term, according to data from Pew Research and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).
GO Oregon High School Students Walk Out Over ’Build a Wall’ Banner - Breitbart.
GO Students at Forest Grove High School in Oregon protested Thursday over a banner hung briefly in the school hallway this week that read “build a wall,” per a report by Oregon Live.
GO Schweizer: McAuliffe Investigation ’Probably Part of a Broader Probe That’s Looking Into the Clinton Foundation’ - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart editor at large Peter Schweizer, executive producer of the documentary based on his bestselling book “Clinton Cash,” stated that the FBI’s investigation into Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe (D) is one of “an insider’s insider in the Clinton network” that “is probably part of a broader probe that’s looking into the Clinton Foundation” on Tuesday’s “America’s Newsroom” on the Fox News Channel.
GO Lena Dunham Taking ’Rest’ from Press Tour.
GO Girls star Lena Dunham announced on her Facebook page that she’s taking a “rest” from the upcoming press tour for the final season of her HBO series due to her endometriosis, a painful disorder of the reproductive system affecting women in their 30s or 40s.
GO Peter Thiel: We’re Voting Trump Because ’We Judge the Leadership of Our Country to Have Failed’ - Breitbart.
GO PayPal   and billionaire Trump supporter Peter Thiel declared on Monday at the National Press Club in Washington, D. C. that people are voting for Trump because the leadership of America has failed.
GO Jon Voight: I’ll Help Trump Win the Presidency ’In Any Way That I Can’ - Breitbart.
GO Actor and prominent Hollywood conservative Jon Voight says he has been meeting with Donald Trump’s presidential campaign to discuss how he can help the Republican Party’s presumptive nominee win the White House in November.
GO Pope Francis: Christmas Has Been ‘Kidnapped’ by Materialism.
GO Christians need to “liberate” Christmas from materialism, Pope Francis warns, since the holy feast has been “kidnapped” by worldliness.
GO Morgan Freeman Narrates New Ad for Hillary Clinton.
GO Hillary Clinton enlists actor Morgan Freeman, Hollywood’s “voice of God,” to narrate her latest campaign ad, entitled, “All The Good.
GO NBC’s Williams: Comey’s Email Letter Didn’t Just Go to Republicans Like Clinton Claimed - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball,” NBC News Justice Correspondent Pete Williams stated that FBI Director James Comey’s letter announcing the FBI is taking another look at Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s emails did not just go to Republican members of Congress as Clinton claimed during his press conference earlier on Friday.
GO Mark Cuban: On November 9, Steve Bannon and Breitbart Are the Big Winners - Breitbart.
GO Thursday night on Fox News Channel after the third and final presidential debate, businessman and investor Mark Cuban said regardless of the election results, “the big winner” will be “Steve Bannon and Breitbart.
GO Orlando Terrorist’s Father After Shooting: God Will Punish Gays - Breitbart.
GO The father of the radical Islamic terrorist who murdered 50 people at an Orlando gay bar has posted a video on Facebook claiming ignorance for his son’s motives, arguing that God will punish gays, according to CBS News.
GO Trump in Mexico: We Have Right to Build Wall - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump and Mexico’s President Enrique Peña Nieto met in Mexico City, Mexico on Wednesday afternoon and issued joint statements at a press conference, where Trump declared each country has a right to build a wall on its border.
GO Columbia Journalism Review Crowns Milo Conservatives’ Answer to Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert - Breitbart.
GO A piece from the Columbia Journalism Review says the successes of Breitbart Senior editor MILO and   Donald Trump are a response to   comedians like Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert, who are notorious for attacking opponents of progressive America.
GO Sheriffs’ Group Calls Officers to Refuse to Enforce Gun Control.
GO A national sheriffs’ group is calling on law enforcement officers to refuse to enforce gun controls that infringe on the Second Amendment.
GO Trump: I’d Move Embassy to Jerusalem, Bush and Obama Were ’Pretty Equal’ In Reducing US’ Standing - Breitbart.
GO GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump said that George W. Bush and President Obama were “pretty equal” in reducing the US’ standing in the world and that he would move the US’ embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem in an interview broadcast on CNN’s “Situation Room” on Monday.
GO Texas Middle Schooler Takes Knee to Protest Pledge of Allegiance.
GO Inspired by San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, a Texas fifth grade student takes a knee to protest the U. S. National Anthem at her middle school during the daily recitation of the U. S. Pledge of Allegiance.
GO Kellyanne Conway: Trump ’Regrets’ Line Was ’All Him’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” Kellyanne Conway, the campaign manager for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, told   David Muir that Trump’s line from a night earlier at a rally in Charlotte, NC about his regret for some of his past remarks was “all him” and added that should incentive for those criticizing him to “some recognition and some forgiveness.
GO Another Journalist Murdered in Mexico.
GO The murder of yet another journalist in Mexico continues to make that country one of the deadliest places for the reporters.
GO Bill Clinton Recalls When He and Hillary First Fell in Love.
GO Former President Bill Clinton hit the campaign trail today in Nashua, New Hampshire for his wife Hillary Clinton, recalling when the couple first fell in love.
GO Hillary Clinton: We May Have Already Been Visited By Aliens - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton says she will “get to the bottom” of UFOs and space aliens during her presidential term, because we may have already experienced the quiet visitation of extraterrestrial beings.
GO Donald Trump: Concealed Carry Could Have Saved Lives in Orlando.
GO During a June 15 speech in Atlanta presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump explained that concealed carry could have stopped or at least lessened the number of dead in the Pulse Orlando attack.
GO Zuckerbergs’ $3 Billion Investment to Cure All Diseases.
GO Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his pediatrician wife, Dr. Priscilla Chan, announced this week that their Chan Zuckerberg Initiative will fund a $3 billion effort to cure all diseases.
GO Mark Cuban ’Wide Open’ to Being VP for Trump, Clinton - Breitbart.
GO Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban, the guest of this week’s “Capital Games” podcast by ESPN, said in an interview that he is “wide open” to discussing being the vice president for either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump, should they ask.
GO Philadelphia Mayor: Trump and His Supporters Want to Go Back to Days When Blacks Couldn’t Sit at Lunch Counters - Breitbart.
GO Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney (D) said on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” Saturday that GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump and his supporters want to “go back to the good old days” when   could not sit at the lunch counter or ride in the front of a bus.
GO Michael Moore Shows Up at Trump Tower, Demands Meeting with President-Elect.
GO Documentary filmmaker Michael Moore showed up at Trump Tower in New York City on Saturday seeking a    meeting with   Donald Trump.
GO National Organization for Women President: Abortion Is ’Essential Healthcare’ - Breitbart.
GO Saturday on MSNBC, the president for the National Organization for Women Terry O’Neill said that keeping women from having abortions is “preventing” them “from getting essential healthcare.
GO Washington Father Caught Man Allegedly Trying to Take Photo of Son in Bathroom Stall - Breitbart.
GO A man at   Airport bathroom in Washington was caught allegedly trying to take a photo of a child who was in a bathroom stall, says a KIRO 7 report.
GO Joe Biden: It’s ‘a Bunch of Malarkey’ That Donald Trump Cares About Working People - Breitbart.
GO Vice President Joe Biden accused Donald Trump of lying for saying he cared about working people, calling it a “bunch of malarkey” and thrilling the audience at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia by using the same slogan he employed against Republican vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan in 2012.
GO Maher: Finding Out Where Istanbul Attackers Were From Was ’Complicated’ For Hillary Because She’s Been Paid By All Those Countries - Breitbart.
GO HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher said that finding out the locations where the Istanbul terrorists originated “is complicated for Hillary because all those places have paid for her speeches,” on Friday.
GO Bill Clinton Rages Against Donald Trump’s Promise to ’Make America Great Again’ - Breitbart.
GO Former President Bill Clinton ridiculed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for his slogan “Make America Great Again” suggesting that it was a false promise to American voters and racially motivated.
GO Chicago Police Union Tells Officers to Refuse Overtime During Expected Labor Day Violence Spree - Breitbart.
GO As the City of Chicago continues its descent into chaos and violence, a memo from Chicago’s police union is urging officers to refuse overtime shifts during the expected surge in violence over the upcoming Labor Day weekend.
GO John Boehner: Trump Is Not an Ideologue - He’s Barely a Republican - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday at a CNBC conference, former Speaker of the House of Representatives John Boehner ( ) said   Donald Trump was “not an ideologue” and that “he’s barely a Republican.
GO Migrants Riot After Being Denied Halal Food.
GO Migrants at an asylum centre in the Austrian state of Salzburg rioted after being denied halal food last week.
GO Muslim Labour Councillor Suspended Over Claims She Called Hitler ’Greatest Man In History’.
GO A Labour councillor has been suspended from her party for allegedly tweeting   messages, said to include calling Adolf Hitler the “greatest man in history”.
GO Kerry Washington: Voting Trump is ’Against Our Best Interests’.
GO Scandal star Kerry Washington lit into Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and his campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, during an appearance Friday on HBO’s Real Time, telling host Bill Maher that Democrat Hillary Clinton has the better policies, but that her message has been drowned out while the media chooses to focus its coverage on Trump.
GO Sanders: ’I Think It Is Totally Right for People to Protest’ Trump - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show,” Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said it was “totally right” for people to protest Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, but not to “disrupt a meeting.
GO Poll: More than 83 Percent Won’t Watch Fox News Debate Sans Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, posted on Twitter that 83 percent of Fox News viewers surveyed said they won’t watch the Fox News GOP primary debate on Thursday without Trump participating.
GO Pro-Police Group Trolls Beyoncé Concert with #BlueLivesMatter Flying Banner - Breitbart.
GO A   enforcement group protested pop star Beyoncé’s concert in Tampa, Florida on Friday by chartering a plane to fly around the concert arena with a banner reading “#BlueLivesMatter.
GO WATCH: Communist Protesters Pull Fire Alarm, Attempt To Crash MILO Event At West Virginia University - Breitbart.
GO   clad protesters at MILO’s event at West Virginia University who identified themselves as “communists” set off fire alarms in a failed attempt to silence The Dangerous Faggot.
GO Duck Dynasty’s Phil Robertson: Media Controlled by ’Satan’.
GO In discussing media criticisms of Donald Trump as a “fascist,” Duck Dynasty star, Duck Commander Phil Robertson, told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon of those outlets, “What they actually are, they’re controlled by “Satan,” or “the evil one.
GO Hillary: Sanders Has Not Been Vetted, Never Had A Negative Ad Run Against Him - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton said her rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) high polls numbers against the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump at this point in the race do not mean anything given Sanders has never had “a single negative ad against him.
GO Police: Florida Man Accused of Stabbing Father Who Tried to Circumcise Him - Breitbart.
GO A South Florida man is accused of stabbing his father in the neck, angry that his father wanted to circumcise him, according to a police report.
GO CNN’s Gregory: ‘I’ve Run Out of Words to Express My Shock’ Over Potential Trump Presidency - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on CNN, while reacting to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s comments on Russia, David Gregory said he had “run out of words” to express his “shock.
GO Lefty: Former Red Sox Pitcher Bill ’Spaceman’ Lee Running for Governor of Vermont - Breitbart.
GO Former Boston Red Sox and Montreal Expos pitcher Bill “Spaceman” Lee has decided to take his offbeat,   ideas to the race for Vermont governor.
GO Milo Yiannopoulos Named Biggest Twit on Twitter by UK Paper - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos was recently named one of the biggest twits on Twitter by The Mirror in celebration of the social media platform’s 10 year anniversary.
GO ’Born To Run’ Is A 500-Page Springsteen Show.
GO Born to Run, Bruce Springsteen’s memoir set for release on Tuesday, is a virtuoso performance, the   equivalent to one of Springsteen and the E Street Band’s famous   concerts: Nothing is left onstage, and diehard fans and   alike depart for home sated and yet somehow already aching for more.
GO 4 Questions Donald Trump Faces Heading Into The First Debate.
GO On Monday, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton will face off in their first debate at Hofstra University in New York.
GO National Museum Of African American History Opens Its Doors .
GO More than 100 years after it was originally proposed, the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture is opening its doors in Washington, D. C. In President Obama’s remarks at the dedication ceremony, he said this museum shines a light on stories that are often overlooked in the history books.
GO Marlins Pitcher José Fernández Dies In Boating Accident.
GO Miami Marlins ace pitcher José Fernández died in a boating accident early Sunday morning.
GO Philippine President Says He’ll Open Trade Alliances With China, Russia.
GO Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said Monday that he’s interested in offering trade alliances and   land leases to China and Russia.
GO U.S. Government To Pay $492 Million To 17 American Indian Tribes.
GO The U. S. government has agreed to pay a total of $492 million to 17 American Indian tribes for mismanaging natural resources and other tribal assets, according to an attorney who filed most of the suits.
GO Shimon Peres, The Last Of Israel’s Founding Leaders, Dies At 93.
GO The last surviving leader of Israel’s founding generation, Shimon Peres was a   prime minister, the architect of the country’s secretive nuclear program and a winner of the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to make peace with the Palestinians.
GO CDC Urges Americans To Get A Flu Shot As Soon As Possible.
GO Federal health officials are urging all Americans to get their flu shots as soon as possible, and are especially concerned that too few elderly people are getting vaccinated.
GO The Supreme Court: A Winning Issue In The Presidential Campaign?.
GO It’s been nearly eight months since Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died unexpectedly, leaving the nation’s highest court   and evenly divided on some of the most important legal issues of the day.
GO Ala. Chief Justice Roy Moore Suspended For Rest Of Term Over Gay Marriage Stance.
GO Saying that Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore violated judicial ethics when he ordered judges not to respect the U. S. Supreme Court’s landmark ruling on   marriage, Alabama’s Court of the Judiciary suspended Moore for the rest of his term in office.
GO The United Nations Is Launching A Space Mission.
GO The U. N. is planning to launch its first space mission into orbit, packed with scientific experiments from countries that can’t afford their own space programs.
GO How Donald Trump Would Be Able To Not Pay Income Taxes For 18 Years.
GO We don’t really know what Donald Trump paid in taxes, because unlike every other major presidential candidate in the last four decades, the GOP nominee has refused to release his tax returns.
GO On Your Mark, Give Birth, Go Back To Work.
GO On her first day back at work after giving birth, Tricia Olson drank copious amounts of coffee, stuffed tissues in her pocket, and tried not to cry.
GO U.S., Philippines Begin Combat Exercises As Duterte Calls For End To Practice.
GO The U. S. and the Philippines began their annual joint exercises on Tuesday, highlighting the alliance between the two countries even as the Philippine president calls for an end to the practice.
GO Trove Of Cannabis Plants Found In Ancient Tomb In China.
GO Researchers have unearthed 13 cannabis plants in an ancient tomb in northern China, suggesting that prehistoric central Eurasians had ritualistic or medicinal uses for the   plant.
GO Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos Awarded Nobel Peace Prize.
GO Juan Manuel Santos, the president of Colombia, was awarded this year’s Nobel Peace Prize for his ”resolute efforts to bring the country’s more than    civil war to an end.” The surprise announcement comes less than a week after Colombian voters delivered a shocking blow to the peace process, and the award notably excludes any leaders of the FARC guerilla group, the other side of the negotiating table.
GO Authorities Release Names Of The 14 People Killed In San Bernardino Shooting.
GO This post was updated Dec. 1, 2016, with information regarding the victims in the year following the shooting, The San Bernardino County Sheriff’s office released the names of the 14 people killed during a mass shooting at Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino, Calif. on Wednesday.
GO Dyslexia: The Learning Disability That Must Not Be Named.
GO Part 4 of our series, ”Unlocking Dyslexia.” Megan Lordos, a middle school teacher, says she was not allowed to use the word ”dyslexia.” She’s not alone.
GO Jill Stein Campaign Plans To Take Pennsylvania Recount Effort To Federal Court.
GO The Jill Stein campaign plans to bring her fight for a statewide ballot recount in Pennsylvania to federal court.
GO Al Gore Meets With Donald And Ivanka Trump In Search For ’Common Ground’.
GO In what may be the most unlikely meeting of the presidential transition process so far, former vice president, former Democratic presidential nominee, former senator and Nobel Peace Prize winner Al Gore met with   Donald Trump on Monday.
GO Shinzo Abe Will Be First Japanese Leader To Visit Pearl Harbor Memorial.
GO Updated at 11 a. m. ET on Dec. 8, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will visit Pearl Harbor later this month, becoming the first Japanese head of state to visit the memorial at the site of the surprise attack.
GO If You’re Looking For Alien Life, How Will You Know If You’ve Found it?.
GO When a robotic probe finally lands on a watery world like Jupiter’s moon Europa, what do scientists have to see to definitively say whether the place has any life?
GO Amazon To Open Convenience Store With No Lines.
GO Amazon says it is opening a new food and convenience store that doesn’t have a checkout line.
GO Weather Channel To Breitbart.com: Don’t Use Our Content To Mislead On Climate Change.
GO The Weather Channel has a message for the website Breitbart: ”Earth Is Not Cooling, Climate Change Is Real and Please Stop Using Our Video to Mislead Americans” That’s the title under which The Weather Channel published an article on Tuesday, after Breitbart used the cable news channel’s coverage in a factually incorrect story about climate change.
GO Recovery Efforts End At Oakland Warehouse; Death Toll Stands At 36.
GO The death toll from a disastrous warehouse fire in Oakland, Calif. stands at 36 after authorities have ended recovery efforts, officials say.
GO Trump Picks Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt To Lead EPA.
GO   Donald Trump intends to nominate Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt to head the Environmental Protection Agency, announcing his decision in a statement Thursday.
GO South Korea To Vote On Impeachment Of Scandal-Stricken President.
GO South Korea’s national legislature is preparing to vote on the possible impeachment of President Park   who has been engulfed in a massive scandal involving allegations of corruption,   and ties to a cult.
GO 2 Juveniles Charged With Arson, Suspected Of Starting Deadly Tennessee Wildfire.
GO Two juveniles have been arrested and charged with arson for allegedly starting the fire that killed at least 14 people in east Tennessee last month.
GO A Mummy’s DNA May Help Solve The Mystery Of The Origins Of Smallpox.
GO The surprise find of smallpox DNA in a child mummy from the 17th century could help scientists start to trace the mysterious history of this notorious virus.
GO More Than 1,000 Russian Athletes Involved In Doping Conspiracy, Report Says.
GO An   report has found that more than 1, 000 Russian athletes were involved in   doping, and that the ”institutional conspiracy” extended far beyond previous evidence of cheating at the Sochi Olympics in 2014.
GO What We Know About Rex Tillerson, Trump’s Pick For Secretary Of State.
GO   Donald Trump, in a statement early this morning, announced his intention to nominate ExxonMobil chairman and CEO Rex Tillerson to lead the State Department and become the country’s top diplomat.
GO Department Of Energy Defies Trump, Won’t Name Climate Change Workers .
GO The Department of Energy is refusing the Trump transition team’s request to name those who have worked on climate change within the department, because of concerns about what the incoming administration will do with the names.
GO Obama Administration Moves To Protect Planned Parenthood’s Federal Funding.
GO The Obama administration is trying to protect Planned Parenthood’s federal funding before the president turns over the reins of government to Republicans who have historically been hostile to the family planning group.
GO Government Ethics Office Says Trump Should Divest Himself Of His Businesses.
GO   Donald Trump should divest himself of his vast business interests in order to avoid conflicts of interest while in the White House, according to a letter from the U. S. Office of Government Ethics.
GO How Fast Could GOP Congress Get Obamacare Repeal To Trump’s Desk?.
GO Republicans in Congress are so eager to repeal the Affordable Care Act that some have vowed to get a bill to   Donald Trump’s desk on the day he takes the oath of office.
GO Taking Stock Of The State Of The Universe.
GO Around this time of year, we often pause and take stock of where we are on many levels: emotionally, financially, professionally, politically and, at least here at 13.
GO Craig Sager, Sideline Sage Of Hoops And Suits, Dies At 65.
GO NBA sideline reporter Craig Sager, a broadcaster nearly as famous for his wardrobe as for his basketball knowledge, has died at the age of 65.
GO FBI, CIA Agree That Russia Was Trying To Help Trump Win The Election.
GO Two intelligence sources say the FBI agrees with the CIA assessment that Russia interfered in the U. S. election, in part to help Donald Trump, clearing up any confusion and other reporting that the agencies weren’t in sync.
GO North Carolina Governor Signs Law Limiting Power Of His Successor.
GO Pat McCrory, North Carolina’s outgoing Republican governor, has signed a law stripping executive powers from his successor, Democrat Roy Cooper.
GO Atlantic Ocean Area The Size Of Virginia Protected From Deep-Water Fishing.
GO Coral in an area in the Atlantic Ocean stretching from Connecticut to Virginia has been protected from   commercial fishing gear, by a new rule issued this week by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
GO Britain’s Transport Secretary Doors Cyclist, As Seen In Video.
GO Days after he said bike lanes can cause ”too much of a problem” for drivers in London, a video has emerged that shows Britain’s Secretary of State for Transport Chris Grayling opening his car door and striking a cyclist near Parliament.
GO University of Minnesota Football Players Boycott After 10 Teammates Suspended.
GO Days after 10 of its members were suspended as part of the University of Minnesota’s response to a sexual assault allegation, the rest of the team has declared a boycott.
GO Evacuation Of East Aleppo Brought To A Halt After One Day.
GO Evacuations of embattled eastern Aleppo, which began Thursday after days of efforts to negotiate a   have come to a halt.
GO Who Can Settle Questions About Donald Trump’s Conflicts Of Interest?.
GO Since Donald Trump won the presidential election last month, his conflicts of interest have come into sharper focus.
GO At Least 12 Dead After Truck Driven Into Berlin Christmas Market, Police Say.
GO Updated at 8:15 p. m. ET, German police said at least 12 people were killed and at least 48 people were injured after a truck barreled into a packed Christmas market in Berlin.
GO IMF’s Christine Lagarde Found Guilty Of Negligence Over 2008 Dispute.
GO Updated at 9:35 p. m. ET, A French court found Christine Lagarde, the current head of the International Monetary Fund, guilty of negligence for improperly overseeing a 2008 case when she was France’s finance minister.
GO China Machado, Groundbreaking Model, Muse And Editor, Dies At 86.
GO China Machado, a model, muse and editor who was one of the first women to break high fashion’s color barrier, has died at 86.
GO Cats, Veterinarian Come Down With A Rare Bird Flu In New York.
GO Updated Dec. 23: New York City health department officials and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced Thursday that a veterinarian who was in close contact with sick cats at a Manhattan animal shelter appears to have caught a rare form of bird flu from the cats.
GO Evangelical Leader Under Attack For Criticizing Trump Supporters.
GO A prominent evangelical leader who harshly criticized Donald Trump during the presidential campaign now faces a backlash from fellow evangelicals who backed Trump.
GO Wells Fargo to Claw Back $75 Million From 2 Former Executives - The New York Times.
GO Wells Fargo’s board said on Monday that it would claw back an additional $75 million in compensation from the two executives on whom it pinned most of the blame for the company’s scandal over fraudulent accounts: the bank’s former chief executive, John G. Stumpf, and its former head of community banking, Carrie L. Tolstedt.
GO 500 Migrants May Have Died in Sinking of Boat in Mediterranean, U.N. Says - The New York Times.
GO The United Nations refugee agency said on Wednesday that 500 people may have died in the choppy waters of the Mediterranean last week, when a large boat packed with migrants from Africa and the Middle East capsized in an unknown location between Libya and Italy.
GO Sheldon Silver, Ex-New York Assembly Speaker, Gets 12-Year Prison Sentence - The New York Times.
GO Sheldon Silver, who rose from the Lower East Side of Manhattan to become one of the state’s most powerful and feared politicians as speaker of the New York Assembly, was sentenced on Tuesday to 12 years in prison in a case that came to symbolize Albany’s culture of graft.
GO Lincoln Center President’s Abrupt Departure Was Prompted by a Relationship - The New York Times.
GO The surprising departure of Jed Bernstein last month after just 27 months as president of Lincoln Center was prompted not by a change in career plans, as announced, but by the discovery that he had been in a relationship with a staff member, the organization acknowledged on Tuesday.
GO Morley Safer, Mainstay of ‘60 Minutes,’ Is Dead at 84 - The New York Times.
GO Morley Safer, a CBS television correspondent who brought the horrors of the Vietnam War into the living rooms of America in the 1960s and was a mainstay of the network’s newsmagazine “60 Minutes” for almost five decades, died on Thursday at his home in Manhattan.
GO Bernie Sanders’s Feud With the Democratic Leadership Heats Up - The New York Times.
GO Doubling down on his feud with the Democratic Party leadership, Senator Bernie Sanders said that if elected president, he will not reappoint Democratic National Committee chairwoman, Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida.
GO Bill Herz, Last of ‘War of the Worlds’ Broadcast Crew, Dies at 99 - The New York Times.
GO Bill Herz, the last surviving crew member of Orson Welles’s mock “War of the Worlds” newscast, which terrified American radio listeners in 1938 with vivid bulletins warning Newark residents to evacuate as invading Martians incinerated central New Jersey, died on May 10 in Manhattan.
GO Yes, the Delegates Can Decide.
GO Donald Trump has made his first threat to sue over the procedures for selecting delegates to the Republican convention.
GO Will California Take a Chance on $15?.
GO California’s political leaders are taking a big gamble with other people’s lives with their $   proposal.
GO Will Britain Leave the European Union or Remain in It?.
GO On June 23, when Donald Trump will or will not have won the 1, 237 delegates he needs to be nominated, voters in Britain will decide an issue as divisive as Trump’s candidacy: whether the United Kingdom will remain in or leave the European Union.
GO How Well Do You Know Your Baseball?.
GO Pitcher Jim Bouton said: “Baseball players are smarter than football players.
GO Beware of a Supreme Court ‘Solution’ for the Little Sisters.
GO Last week, the Supreme Court took the unusual step of asking the parties in Little Sisters of the Poor v. Burwell to submit additional briefs describing how employees might get access to   contraceptives through insurance without conscripting unwilling, religiously affiliated employers into the transaction.
GO Sorry, Liberals: Paul Ryan and Donald Trump Are Not the Same.
GO Whether you believe House speaker Paul Ryan is a squishy Republican unworthy of the nomination or you think he’s the sort of rational conservative voice that could save the GOP from doom, there’s one thing he most certainly isn’t: Donald Trump.
GO Student: I Was Told I Can’t Sing a Rihanna Song Because I’m White .
GO A student at the University of Oklahoma is claiming that she was told during a    class that it would be a “microaggression” for her to sing a Rihanna song, because she’s white.
GO Student Group’s Letter: White Privilege Is a Communicable Disease.
GO According to a letter to the editor penned by the Iowa State University group Leaders United for a Change (“LUCHA”) white privilege is a communicable disease and people must get tested in order to keep it from spreading around campus.
GO Will Brazil’s Leftist President Fall?.
GO On Sunday, Brazil’s lower house of congress, the Chamber of Deputies, approved the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, in what may be the first step in a long process attempting to address the political and economic crises in the country.
GO Godot Will Arrive before the New, ‘Presidential’ Trump.
GO It didn’t take much for some of the biggest voices in political media to declare that a new, “presidential” Donald Trump has arrived.
GO So, Now That Mizzou Lady Is Saying She Was Fired for Being White? .
GO Melissa Click, that University of Missouri communications professor who was fired for calling for “muscle” to remove a student journalist from a public protest, is now saying that she was fired because she’s white.
GO Ending Welfare as We Know It.
GO Suppose there was a way to abolish most of the edifice of the modern welfare state, virtually eliminating the bureaucracy that supports it, and still lift people out of poverty.
GO Police: Suspect Shoots Victim Using Shotgun Shell Packed with Rice Krispies.
GO Police in Eureka, California, arrested a suspect who shot a victim with a shotgun shell packed with Rice Krispies.
GO AFL-CIO’s Trumka Meets With Donald Trump, Slams GOP Healthcare Proposal - Breitbart.
GO   leader Richard Trumka tweeted out his opposition to the GOP’s new healthcare law, just a few hours after meeting with President Donald Trump in the White House.
GO Pope Francis to Visit Egypt as Persecuted Christians Flee from Jihadists in Sinai.
GO Pope Francis will visit Cairo, Egypt, from April   the Vatican announced Saturday, amidst a recent spate of Islamist persecution of Christians in the North Sinai area.
GO Security to Be Permanently Stationed at Cologne Cathedral.
GO Cologne Cathedral is to introduce stringent new security measures amid ongoing security fears, with worshippers’ bags being searched and private security drafted in.
GO Andrew Napolitano: 9th Circuit Ruling ’Intellectually Dishonest’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on the Fox News Channel, in reacting to the 9th Circuit Court ruling upholding the blocking of President Trump‘s executive order banning immigrants from seven   countries from entering the United States, network senior judicial analyst Andrew Napolitano called the ruling “an intellectually dishonest piece of work.
GO Tina Brown: Hillary ’Was Right’ With Comments About Role Misogyny Played In Election - Breitbart.
GO On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Women in the World Summit founder Tina Brown said she agreed with former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s statement during her appearance at the summit on the role misogyny played in the 2016 election.
GO REPORT: One Dead, Five Hospitalized in Texas Mall Robbery.
GO News outlets in Texas are reporting that at least two shooters are involved in what appears to be a robbery gone bad in a San Antonio, Texas, mall.
GO Donald Trump to McConnell: ‘Mitch, Go Nuclear’ on Supreme Court.
GO President Donald Trump wasted no time advising the Senate to ignore a Democratic filibuster on his Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch.
GO Report: Murdoch Family Considering Taking Bill O’Reilly Off Fox News.
GO Fox News Channel owner Rupert Murdoch and his family are considering pulling The O’Reilly Factor off air amid accusations of sexual harassment against prime time host Bill O’Reilly, according to a report from Gabriel Sherman in New York magazine.
GO Study: 2024 Olympics Would Boost L.A. Economy by $9.5 Billion.
GO Despite many cities hosting the Olympics facing bankruptcy in the aftermath, a new study by Beacon Economics LLC and UC Riverside predicts that the Los Angeles area would see an $9.
GO President Obama Could Get $20 Million For Book Deal.
GO President Obama is reportedly expected to land one of the largest   book contracts in American history.
GO Trump: The Budget We Are Inheriting ’Is a Mess’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday at a meeting in the White House President Donald Trump said, “the budget that we’re inheriting, essentially inheriting is a mess.
GO De Blasio: Trump’s Immigration Order Is ’Un-American’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” while discussing President Donald Trump executive order halting access to the United States of immigrants from seven   countries, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said the order is “ .
GO Joy Reid: A Lot of Women ’Feel Robbed of the White House’ - Breitbart.
GO Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” host Joy Reid said while discussing the Women’s March that has made its way into other countries around the world that “a lot of women feel robbed of the White House” because of President Donald Trump.
GO Report: Donald Trump Jr. Hints at Possible Run for New York Governor.
GO Donald Trump Jr. hinted at a possible gubernatorial bid in New York during a speech he gave to members of an elite gun club.
GO Saudi Arabia: ’We Are Optimistic’ About Trump’s Position on Iran, Islamic State.
GO The Sunni kingdom of Saudi Arabia has voiced optimism about the desire expressed by incoming President Donald Trump to restore U. S. influence across the globe, contain Shiite powerhouse Iran, and fight the Sunni jihadist group Islamic State ( ).
GO Ted Cruz: ‘The Democrats Are the Party of the Ku Klux Klan’.
GO While Democrats derided Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, calling him a racist, Sen. Ted Cruz reminded America that the “Klan was founded by a great many Democrats.
GO In Hard-Hitting Egypt Address, Pope Francis Condemns ‘Barbarity’ of Violence in God’s Name.
GO In his sternest address to date on the issue of violence perpetrated in the name of God, Pope Francis condemned all attempts to justify violence that “masquerades” as holiness.
GO Nintendo Switch Won’t Launch with Virtual Console - Breitbart.
GO A disheartening announcement was buried in the dregs of an official Nintendo PR   that Virtual Console games will not be available on the Nintendo Switch at launch.
GO Fmr Mexican President Vicente Fox: Trump Reminds Me of Hitler - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on CNN International, former Mexican President Vicente Fox said today while addressing Republicans in Philadelphia President Donald Trump reminded him “of Hitler addressing the Nazi party.
GO Rex Tillerson: Vladimir Putin Did Not Have Advance Notice of Strikes in Syria.
GO Secretary of State Rex Tillerson confirmed on Thursday night that President Vladimir Putin was not given advance notice of the United States’ decision to strike a Syrian target with missiles.
GO ’Icon’ Colin Kaepernick Named to ’Time’ 100 Most Influential People List - Breitbart.
GO This week’s edition of Time Magazine named former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick to its list of the 100 Most Influential People.
GO Nigel Farage: ’Words Are Not Enough, People Want Action’, Slams Sadiq Khan, Theresa May on Terror Responses - Breitbart.
GO UK Independence Party (UKIP) MEP Nigel Farage has slammed London Mayor Sadiq Khan for not addressing extremism in Muslim communities and criticised Theresa May’s tenure as home secretary, saying that the prime minister’s words are not enough and people want action.
GO Jeff Sessions: ‘Absolutely False’ He Communicated with Russians as Trump Campaign Surrogate - Breitbart.
GO During his appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday Attorney General Jeff Sessions said it is “absolutely false” the he had ongoing communications with Russian officials as a surrogate for   Donald Trump’s presidential campaign.
GO Marco Rubio: I Didn’t Defend Trump - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) is upset that news outlets reported that he “defended” President Donald Trump on Thursday when Rubio grilled former FBI director James Comey.
GO Maher on Obama Wall Street Speech: It Looks Like ’When He’s On Our Team, We’re OK With It’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s “Overtime” segment of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher weighed in on President Obama’s Wall Street speech by saying, “It kind of looks like, when he’s on our team, we’re OK with it.
GO Report: NASA Reveals 4-Step Space Plan Ending in Mission to Mars - Breitbart.
GO NASA has revealed their   space plan for the next 15+ years, expressing their intentions to complete Mars missions by the 2030’s.
GO Maher to the Clintons: ’I Never Want To See Either One of You Ever Again’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher,” host Bill Maher said that while he’s thankful for their service, he never wants to see Bill or Hillary Clinton ever again.
GO Trinidad &amp Tobago ’Largest Per-Capita’ Islamic State Hotbed in Western Hemisphere.
GO Up to 125 jihadists and their relatives have traveled from the Caribbean island nation of Trinidad and Tobago to join the Islamic State (IS) in the Middle East, making the country “the largest   source” of recruits for the jihadist group in the Western Hemisphere, reports the Associated Press (AP).
GO France On Edge: Police Blow Up Suspicious Car Outside Synagogue.
GO Police in the French city of Metz have blown up a car parked outside of a synagogue as the country remains on edge, fearing fresh terror attacks.
GO ESPN Finally Returns Hank Williams, Jr., to Monday Night Football Promos.
GO After firing him six years ago because his politics leaned too far to the right, cable sports network ESPN is rehiring Hank Williams, Jr. as its face for Monday Night Football.
GO Sharpe: Dez Bryant Doing a ’Disservice’ to Blacks by Saying White People Aren’t Holding Them Back - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday, Fox Sports 1 “Undisputed”   Shannon Sharpe reacted to Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant’s Instagram post Monday that said black people are holding each other back.
GO ESPN’s Le Batard: People Upset With ESPN’s Liberal Bias Are ’Bothered’ By the Network’s Diversity - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on ESPN Radio’s “The Dan Le Batard Show,” host Dan Le Batard addressed the accusations that his employer has a liberal bias after the show interviewed 2017 White House Correspondents’ Association dinner host and “The Daily Show” correspondent Hasan Minhaj.
GO Rand Paul: There Is a ’Growing Momentum’ Among GOP to Replace Obamacare Same Day We Repeal - Breitbart.
GO Monday on CNN’s “Wolf,” Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said there was “growing momentum” for replacing the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, the same day of its repeal.
GO Krikorian: Mexico ’Obviously Not Going to Write Us a Check’ but Likely Will Pay for Wall - Breitbart.
GO Asked by Breitbart News Daily host Alex Marlow on Thursday how Mexico is going to pay for Trump’s border wall, Mark Krikorian, the Executive Director of the Center for Immigration Studies said, “They’re obviously not going to write us a check.
GO WH Spox to Breitbart’s Spiering: We’ll Have ’Heavy Administration Presence’ at the March for Life - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday at the White House press briefing when Breitbart’s Charlie Spiering asked press secretary Sean Spicer about the Trump administration’s plans for Friday’s March for Life, Spicer said, “Obviously we’re going to have heavy administration presence there.
GO Chris Cuomo to GOP Rep Sean Duffy: There Is No Proof of No Evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion - Breitbart.
GO Friday on CNN’s “New Day,” host Chris Cuomo and Rep. Sean Duffy ( ) went back and forth on whether or not there was the existence of evidence that President Donald Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and Russia.
GO Home Depot Co-Founder Langone: Trump Has ’Guts,’ Could Go Down as One of Our Best Presidents - Breitbart.
GO Ken Langone,   of Home Depot, said Monday on CNBC that he thinks President Donald Trump could go down as “one of our greatest presidents ever,” and has “guts,” and “great people around him.
GO Clinton Foundation Laying Off Staffers as It Shuts Down Clinton Global Initiative - Breitbart.
GO The Clinton Foundation has announced that it’s laying off 22 staffers due to the discontinuation of the Clinton Global Initiative, the Daily Caller reported.
GO San Jose Residents Suffer ’Heartbreak’ After ’Failure’ by Anti-Trump Mayor - Breitbart.
GO San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo, who infamously blamed Donald Trump for bloody   riots in his city last June, is facing increasing criticism from residents affected by last month’s floods, which he admitted were a “failure” for the city.
GO Tucker Carlson Dominates Cable News Ratings in First Night at New Time Slot.
GO Fox News led all of its cable news competitors in the ratings Monday night as Tucker Carlson debuted to strong viewership numbers in his first night in the 8 p. m. time slot formerly commanded by ousted anchor Bill O’Reilly.
GO CNN: Being an Illegal Alien ’Not Necessarily’ a Crime.
GO Illegal aliens who have overstayed their visas are “not necessarily” committing a crime just by remaining in the country illegally, according to CNN.
GO Sanders: Trump’s Immigration Policies Are ’Racist’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) declared that President Donald Trump’s immigration policies were “racist.
GO 40 Conservative Groups Urge Trump to Withdraw from Paris Climate Treaty.
GO On Monday, the Competitive Enterprise Institute, the American Energy Alliance, and 38 other prominent conservative groups urged Donald Trump to withdraw from the Paris climate treaty.
GO ABC’s Dowd: America as Divided Now as It Was During the Civil War - Breitbart.
GO During the Friday “Good Morning America” broadcast, ABC political analyst Matthew Dowd said the country today is “akin” to where it was at the start of the Civil War.
GO Media: Donald Trump’s Labor Department Nominee to Withdraw Before Senate Rejection - Breitbart.
GO Andrew Puzder, President Donald Trump’s nominee to run the Department of Labor, is expected to withdraw before an expected defeat in the Senate.
GO Krauthammer: There’s ’A Loyalty Problem Inside the White House’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” columnist Charles Krauthammer argued the New York Times’ report about President Trump’s conversations with Russian officials about FBI Director James Comey’s firing shows that there’s “a loyalty problem inside the White House.
GO German Police Accused of Covering up Child Rape in Asylum Home.
GO Police and the local government in Herford, Germany, have been accused of covering up the rape of a child at an asylum home for almost two weeks.
GO Teenager With Pellet Gun Is Killed by Police After Robbery in Brooklyn - The New York Times.
GO New York City police officers in plain clothes shot and killed a man in Brooklyn early on Sunday when he pointed a   pellet gun at them after robbing a bodega, the police said.
GO Joseph A. Wapner, Judge on ‘The People’s Court,’ Dies at 97 - The New York Times.
GO Joseph A. Wapner, a California judge who became a widely recognized symbol of tough but   American jurisprudence during the 12 years he sat on the bench of the syndicated television show “The People’s Court,” died on Sunday at his home in Los Angeles.
GO ‘Ring of Fire’ Eclipse Travels Across South America and Africa - The New York Times.
GO People in parts of South America and Africa were treated to a rare sight on Sunday: a “ring of fire” eclipse, when the moon moves in between the Earth and the sun, briefly replacing it with a blazing, fiery ring.
GO SpaceX Plans to Send 2 Tourists Around Moon in 2018 - The New York Times.
GO SpaceX, the ambitious rocket company headed by Elon Musk, wants to send a couple of tourists around the moon and back to Earth before the end of next year.
GO René Préval, President of Haiti in 2010 Quake, Dies at 74 - The New York Times.
GO René Préval, the former president of Haiti who led his nation out of turmoil after a coup but stumbled through the trauma of the deadliest natural disaster ever recorded in the Americas, the earthquake of 2010, died on Friday at his home in   .
GO 2 Men Wrongfully Convicted in 1980 Fire Will Receive $31 Million - The New York Times.
GO City and state officials in New York have agreed to pay two men who were wrongfully convicted of setting a fire in 1980 in the Park Slope neighborhood of Brooklyn about $31 million to settle their claims of being unjustly prosecuted.
GO Buffett’s pay rises; Berkshire urges rejection of shareholder proposals.
GO Buffett’s pay was disclosed in a Friday regulatory filing, in which Berkshire also recommended the rejection of three shareholder proposals at its May 6 annual meeting, including that it disclose its political contributions twice a year.
GO Grow Up, Donald Trump!.
GO Of all the many things said about Donald Trump, what was said by Roger Ailes, head of the Fox News Channel, said it all in just two words: “Grow up!” It is amazing how many people have been oblivious to this   man’s   behavior, his childish boastfulness about things he says he is going to do, and his petulant response to every criticism with ad hominem replies.
GO U of Kentucky Offers ‘Taco Literacy’ Course.
GO The University of Kentucky is offering a course titled “Taco Literacy: Public Advocacy and Mexican Food in the U. S. South ” where students will examine the social and racial issues surrounding tacos.
GO Life, Liberty, and Love of the Constitution: What Mattered to Iowa’s Evangelicals.
GO According to the   conventional wisdom, the Iowa caucus was the moment when conservative Evangelicals were going to reveal themselves as the unprincipled bigots the secular media believe them to be.
GO Government Survey Asks 13-Year-Olds to Pick Their Gender (or Genders) from a List of 25 .
GO Schoolchildren as young as 13 in Brighton, England were told to fill out a government survey that asked them to pick out their gender (or genders) from a list of 25 options.
GO After Iowa, Hillary Is <i>Really</i> Feelin’ the Bern.
GO Hillary Clinton’s   victory in Iowa might have been the narrowest of wins for her, but it was arguably the worst of all possible outcomes for the Democratic party.
GO Sanders and Trump, Coming on Strong in New Hampshire.
GO Bernie Sanders was the big winner in Iowa, as he had, as he called it, a “virtual tie” with Hillary Clinton, and the Vermont senator has set himself a fine launch into the neighboring state of New Hampshire, where he should trounce Mrs. Clinton next week.
GO Lena Dunham: I’m Done with Twitter Until It’s a Safe Space.
GO Lena Dunham has declared that she is totally done with Twitter and will stay done with it until it becomes a safe space for women.
GO Dartmouth Greek Houses to Be Fined for Displaying Dartmouth Indian Head .
GO Dartmouth’s Greek Leadership Council (GLC) is going to start fining Greek houses for publicly displaying the Dartmouth Indian head because it’s cultural appropriation.
GO Pope Francis and the Russian Patriarch Will Meet, as Ukrainian Catholics Watch and Wait.
GO The announcement that Pope Francis will meet with Kirill, Russian Orthodox patriarch of Moscow, in Cuba on February 12 is, paradoxically, both a Big Deal and something that ought to have become routine by now.
GO Will Britain Vote to Leave the European Union?.
GO As the referendum on Brexit (i. e. Britain’s departure from the European Union) gets closer, advocates of Britain remaining a member, such as prime minister David Cameron, are looking and sounding more and more like “Baghdad Bob” denying the arrival of the U. S. Army even as, over his shoulder, we see GIs pulling down Saddam Hussein’s statue.
GO Is Socialism Making a Comeback?.
GO Less than three decades after the fall of the Berlin Wall, socialism seems to be undergoing something of a revival.
GO Wanted: A <I>Real</I> National Cyber Action Plan.
GO Anyone looking over President Obama’s new Cybersecurity National Action Plan, which was announced on Tuesday, and reading his   in the Wall Street Journal highlighting its key elements, will immediately see that two things are grievously wrong with the White House’s latest foray into trying to protect us from cyber attack.
GO Coming to Hillary’s Rescue?.
GO The conventional wisdom is clear:   Democrats will save Hillary Clinton.
GO How Mercy Frees Us from Bad Memories.
GO Dawn Eden, an author, former rock journalist, and alumna of both the New York Post and the Daily News, has a new book, Remembering God’s Mercy: Redeem the Past and Free Yourself from Painful Memories.
GO John Paul II and His ‘Secret Letters’ to a Woman Who Was a Colleague and Friend.
GO The BBC “documentary” that aired on February 15, The Secret Letters of Pope John Paul II, tells us nothing really new about John Paul.
GO Trump’s Praise for Saddam Hussein Is an Insult to the Veterans He Claims to Love.
GO Not content to stop at adopting the radical Left’s feverish “Bush lied, people died” trutherism, Donald Trump is now praising Saddam Hussein as a man who “made a living off killing terrorists.
GO Will Your Employer Know You Are Pregnant before You Do?.
GO The Wall Street Journal reports that employers are hiring firms like Castlight HealthCare to sort through data on their employees in the hope of encouraging healthier behaviors and reducing claims against the company health plan: To determine which employees might soon get pregnant, Castlight recently launched a new product that scans insurance claims to find women who have stopped filling   prescriptions, as well as women who have made   searches on Castlight’s health app.
GO Hillary Clinton Should Name the Hypothetical Abortion Restrictions She Supports.
GO At the Republican presidential debate in New Hampshire on February 6, Senator Marco Rubio called Hillary Clinton an extremist on abortion because she supports    up to “the baby’s due date.
GO Win One for Nino.
GO Let’s understand something about the fight to fill the Supreme Court seat of Antonin (“Nino”) Scalia.
GO Why I Wept for Justice Scalia.
GO I did not expect it to happen, watching the   casket carrying the husk of Justice Antonin Scalia up the long marble steps of the Supreme Court this morning, but I wept.
GO Who Will Win the Electability Vote?.
GO With the likelihood that the Supreme Court vacancy will not be filled this year, voters’ minds are going to turn to questions of electability, writes my Washington Examiner colleague David Drucker.
GO Rubio Can Be a Winning Voice for the GOP.
GO Senator Marco Rubio’s performance in CNN’s GOP town hall Wednesday was a   lesson on how to articulate conservative Republican ideas.
GO Cruz Campaign Tactics Can’t Be TrusTED.
GO As Republicans cast their ballots in Saturday’s South Carolina presidential primary, Senator Ted Cruz (R. Texas) played defense for perpetrating a pattern of deceptive campaign tactics that no longer can be dismissed as a goof here or an isolated incident there.
GO And the Academy Award for Hollywood Hypocrisy Goes to: Mark Ruffalo.
GO It’s a long journey from Manhattan to Los Angeles without burning any fossil fuels, so hopefully Academy Award nominee Mark Ruffalo started walking several weeks ago.
GO Cornell Students: the Word ‘Plantation’ Is Always Racist .
GO A group of students at Cornell University is demanding that the school change the name of its botanical garden from “Cornell Plantations” because apparently, the word “plantation” is always racist.
GO Ten Questions the Senate Should Ask Obama’s Nominee for Secretary of Education.
GO On Thursday, the Senate will hold a confirmation hearing on John King, Obama’s nominee for secretary of education.
GO The Mexican peso is surging after a tumultuous weekend for Donald Trump.
GO ”   The Mexican peso is rallying on Sunday at the end of a tough   weekend for Donald Trump’s campaign.
GO How your gut bacteria affect your sleep, stress levels, and mood.
GO ’    ’ ” Our gut does more than help us digest food; the bacteria that   call our intestines home have been implicated in everything from   our mental health and sleep, to weight gain and cravings for   certain foods.
GO Hillary Clinton said at least 21 times that she can’t recall specifics regarding using a private email server.
GO ’’ ”Hillary Clinton said under oath in a court filing Thursday that she can’t recall key details about her use of a private email server or she refused to answer questions about it posed by a conservative legal group.” ”Clinton lawyer David Kendall provided the Democratic presidential nominee’s sworn responses to 25 written questions submitted by Judicial Watch.
GO The Philippines’ president is betting big on a trip to China, but he may be overplaying his hand.
GO ’’ ’Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will arrive in China for a state visit next week, a trip that has generated much enthusiasm .’ ’For Duterte, too, the visit is an opportunity, coming after months of his efforts to improve relations with Beijing.’ ”China’s appeal is both economic and political.
GO Donald Trump rally crowd breaks out into ’Paul Ryan sucks’ chant.
GO ’   A crowd gathered for a Donald Trump campaign rally in Wisconsin   on Monday evening broke out into a chant against House Speaker   Paul Ryan, who hails from the state.
GO Internal Amazon documents reveal a vision of up to 2,000 grocery stores across the US.
GO ’’ ’Amazon wants to open 20    grocery stores over the next two years, and the online retailer believes the US market has room for up to 2, 000 of its Amazon   grocery stores over the next decade, Business Insider has learned.’ ’Amazon is planning to operate a   pilot program for its grocery stores by the end of 2018, in places like Seattle, Las Vegas, New York, Miami, and the Bay Area, according to documents viewed by Business Insider.’ ’The company wants to experiment with different versions of stores during the pilot program.
GO Elon Musk just unveiled Tesla’s solar roof and new Tesla Energy products.
GO ”Behold, Tesla’s solar roof:” ’’ ’Tesla CEO Elon Musk unveiled the solar roof at Universal Studios in Los Angeles on Friday night.
GO CLINTON: Trump is ’making up lies’ about FBI’s renewed investigation into my emails.
GO ’   Hillary Clinton accused Donald Trump on Saturday of intentionally   deceiving voters about the FBI’s renewed investigation into her   use of a private email server.
GO ADT to Pull Advertising from CNN After Kathy Griffin ’Beheading’ Photo.
GO The ADT Corporation, the largest security company in the United States and Canada, announced Wednesday that it will pull its ads from CNN in the wake of the growing drama surrounding a photograph showing Kathy Griffin lifting up a bloodied decapitated head meant to resemble President Donald Trump.
GO Ford to Build in America, Cancel Mexico Expansion Plans as ‘Vote of Confidence’ in Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO Ford will build a plant in Michigan instead of Mexico as a “vote of confidence” in   Donald J. Trump’s incoming administration, its CEO Mark Fields announced on Tuesday.
GO Breitbart News Daily: Ransoming the Internet - Breitbart.
GO On the Tuesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of the Trump administration’s agenda.
GO Elizabeth Warren: ‘We Need a Justice Department Not an Obstruction of Justice Department’ - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) used her time at the podium giving a commencement speech at the University of Massachusetts Amherst to slam the Trump administration and Attorney General Jeff Sessions regarding President Donald’s Trump decision to fire James Comey as FBI director and the Department of Justice’s effort to replace him.
GO Notre Dame Students Walk Out of Mike Pence Commencement Address - Breitbart.
GO Over 100 students at the University of Notre Dame walked out of a commencement address given by Vice President Mike Pence, according to local reports.
GO Hollywood Reporter’s Wolff to CNN’s Stelter on Trump Coverage: Media Becoming ’Quite a Ridiculous Figure’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” the Hollywood Reporter’s Michael Wolff defended a recent Newsweek column of his in which he took aim at the media for it’s aggressive coverage of President Donald Trump, including a specific criticism aimed at show host Brian Stelter.
GO VIDEO: Robbery Suspect Can’t Rack Slide, Points Jammed Gun at Cashier - Breitbart.
GO On April 26 an armed robbery suspect failed to successfully rack the slide of his   pistol but pointed the jammed gun toward a cashier and demanded money anyway.
GO Report: Stopping Only Nine Percent of Illegal Alien Border Crossers Would Pay for Trump’s Border Wall - Breitbart.
GO If President Donald Trump’s promised border wall stops only a small fraction of illegal aliens from coming into the U. S. it would save the U. S. billions and easily cover the cost of the wall, a report released Thursday finds.
GO White House: FBI Leaks ‘One of Many’ Reasons Why James Comey Was Fired - Breitbart.
GO White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders said that FBI Director James Comey’s inability to control leaks out of the bureau was “one of many” reasons why President Donald Trump decided to fire him.
GO Warren: I’m ’Troubled’ by Obama Getting $400K from Wall Street - Breitbart.
GO During an interview on SiriusXM 102 Radio Andy’s program “Alter Family Politics” on Thursday, Senator Elizabeth Warren ( ) said she was “troubled” by President Obama accepting a $400, 000 for an upcoming speech to Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald.
GO Rachel Maddow: Trump ’Totally’ Could Have Leaked His Own 2005 Tax Return - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on ABC’s ‘The View,” MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said President Donald Trump “totally” could have leaked his own 2005 taxes, which she featured on her show last week.
GO Top NFL Draft Prospect Caleb Brantley Charged With Punching a Woman in the Face - Breitbart.
GO Projected as a   selection in the upcoming 2017 NFL draft, Caleb Brantley now may be overlooked after legal authorities charged him with misdemeanor assault for punching a woman in the face.
GO Refugee Launches Lawsuit Against Facebook After Selfie Used for Memes - Breitbart.
GO Syrian refugee Anas Modamani filed a lawsuit against Facebook after his selfie with German Chancellor Angela Merkel was used in allegedly “defamatory” posts on the platform.
GO Sean Spicer: Trump Didn’t Hear Merkel’s Handshake Request - Breitbart.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer has said that contrary to media reports, Donald Trump did not reject a handshake from German Chancellor Angela Merkel, adding that he simply did not hear her request.
GO Education Sec Betsy DeVos: ‘There Isn’t Really Any Common Core Anymore’ in Schools - Breitbart.
GO U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said Monday during an interview on Fox News’ America’s Newsroom that “there really isn’t any Common Core anymore” in the country’s schools.
GO Pulse Massacre Jihadi’s Wife Arrested.
GO The FBI arrested the wife of Omar Mateen, the jihadi responsible for a massacre at Orlando’s Pulse night club last year, on Monday morning in San Francisco on charges of obstruction of justice and aiding and abetting the attempted provision of material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
GO Feinstein: I Haven’t Seen Any Evidence of Collusion Between Trump Campaign and Russians - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Situation Room,” Senator Dianne Feinstein ( ) stated that she has not seen any evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians, and that special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation is the one that “would bring forward solid evidence on which you could base a criminal case and indict someone.
GO Report: Imam Arrested for Running Prostitution Network from Saudi Mosque.
GO An imam was arrested earlier this week in Saudi Arabia on charges of performing illicit sexual acts and operating a prostitution network from within a mosque, the Saudi media reported.
GO McCain: Trump Has No Overall Foreign Policy Strategy - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” Sen. John McCain ( ) said President Donald Trump does not have “an overall strategy” on foreign policy.
GO Soda Spill Causes American Airlines Flight to Be Diverted After Takeoff.
GO An American Airlines flight from Miami to Chicago was diverted to Jacksonville after takeoff Monday because of a soda spill.
GO Guardian Publishes Anonymous Source Claim that Brexit Leader Farage is ’Person of Interest’ to FBI-Russia Investigation - Breitbart.
GO The       British newspaper the Guardian has published anonymous source claims that Brexit leader Nigel Farage is a “person of interest” in an FBI investigation into collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
GO Five Juveniles Charged With Throwing Object at Trump Motorcade - Breitbart.
GO Five middle school students are facing charges for throwing objects at President Donald Trump’s motorcade in West Palm Beach, authorities have confirmed.
GO Mormon Tabernacle Choir Singer Quits over Trump Inauguration.
GO A member of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir has quit the esteemed singing company over its scheduled performance at   Donald Trump’s inauguration in Washington DC in January.
GO Spike Lee: Hillary Clinton Thought She Was ’Entitled’ to the Presidency.
GO Filmmaker Spike Lee unleashed a flurry of personal insults at President Donald Trump and revealed why Hillary Clinton was wrong to think she was “entitled” to the presidency in an interview this week.
GO Chelsea Handler to Lead Anti-Trump ’Women’s March’ at Sundance.
GO Talk show host Chelsea Handler is set to lead a “Women’s March” at the Sundance Film Festival in January to protest the inauguration of   Donald Trump.
GO Iraqi and Egyptian Nationals Caught After Sneaking Across Open Border.
GO One Iraqi national and one Egyptian national were apprehended by U. S. Border Patrol agents after the individuals from   had illegally entered the U. S. from Mexico.
GO John Kerry Defends Iran Deal in San Francisco to Soros-Backed Group - Breitbart.
GO Former Secretary of State John Kerry defended the Iran nuclear deal on Monday evening at a gala dinner in San Francisco for the Ploughshares Fund, a George   group that was part of President Barack Obama’s “echo chamber” to sell the agreement to the public.
GO Amazon’s July 12 ‘Day of Action’ for Net Neutrality is Big Communist Anniversary - Breitbart.
GO Amazon is mobilizing a July 12 collective “Day of Action” for tech corporations and social justice warriors to unite in rebelling against the FCC’s efforts to overturn Net Neutrality.
GO Donald Trump: Steve Scalise in ‘Trouble’ ‘He’s Going to Be Okay, We Hope’.
GO President Donald Trump told reporters that House Majority Whip Steve Scalise’s condition had worsened since surgery after he was shot and wounded at a congressional baseball practice on Wednesday.
GO Cal Poly State President Defends MILO’s Right to Speak on Campus - Breitbart.
GO Despite protests from progressive student activists, Cal Poly State University President Jeffrey Armstrong issued a memo defending Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s right to speak on campus next week.
GO Police: Engaged Boston Doctors Murdered in Penthouse - Breitbart.
GO Two Boston doctors were allegedly murdered in their penthouse Friday night, police said on Sunday.
GO Fresno State Lecturer: ’Trump Must Hang’ to Save Democracy - Breitbart.
GO Tweets from a Fresno State lecturer Lars Maischak not only demonstrate stark disagreement with capitalism, Christianity, and the GOP, but also a declaration that President Trump “must hang” to save democracy.
GO Mattis: War With North Korea Would Be ’Catastrophic’ - Breitbart.
GO In a Sunday interview on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Secretary of Defense James Mattis cautioned that a war with North Korea would be “catastrophic” and “the worst kind of fighting in most people’s lifetimes.
GO Trump to NRA: ’You Came Through for Me, I am Going to Come Through for You’ - Breitbart.
GO During his April 28 speech to the NRA’s Leadership Forum in Atlanta, President Donald Trump told the audience, “You came through for me and I am going to come through for you.
GO Rubio: The Days of Assad Being Able to Act With Impunity ’Are Over’ - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “AC360,” Senator Marco Rubio ( ) reacted to the US missile strikes against Syria by saying they showed “that the days of being able to act with impunity are over, when it comes to Bashar   and that there is now an American president prepared to do what it takes” and “an actual degrading of the capability of the Syrian regime to carry out further chemical attacks against innocent civilians.
GO Cardinal Robert Sarah: Criticisms of Pope Benedict XVI Are ‘Diabolical’.
GO Outspoken African Cardinal Robert Sarah has reacted fiercely to detractors of Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI, accusing them of “vulgarity and baseness” in their criticisms of the former pope’s afterword to the cardinal’s latest book.
GO Evergreen State Spokesperson Lies to Press, Says Weinstein has Returned to Campus - Breitbart.
GO A spokesperson for Evergreen State College falsely told a reporter that Bret Weinstein, who was forced off campus due to concerns for his safety, has returned to campus to teach in his regular classroom.
GO Portland Bar Offers ’Free Whiskey for Life’ to Customers That ’Punch Steve Bannon’ - Breitbart.
GO A bar in Portland, Oregon has offered a lifetime supply of free whiskey to any customer that punches White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon.
GO Ted Cruz: Some of the Trump Damage Is ‘Self Inflicted’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday at the   Colinas Chamber of Commerce in Irving, TX, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said some President Donald Trump political problems were “ .
GO Oroville Dam: Jerry Brown Asks Donald Trump for Aid - Breitbart.
GO California Governor Jerry Brown has formally requested federal assistance from President Donald Trump to deal with the evacuation of nearly 200, 000 people from the area below the Oroville Dam, where a spillway is near structural failure.
GO Jerry Brown: ’I Don’t Use the Term Resistance’ in Opposing Trump - Breitbart.
GO California Governor Jerry Brown told Adam Nagourney of the New York Times in an interview published on Tuesday that he does not use the word “resistance” to describe his opposition to President Donald Trump, and finds it inappropriate.
GO EPA’s Scott Pruitt Follows Through on Promise to Meet with Governors, Re-establish Trust - Breitbart.
GO Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Scott Pruitt met with eleven Western Governors at a breakfast on Sunday, honoring a promise he made during his confirmation hearings and at CPAC on Sunday to reach out to state governments to   trust.
GO Amy Schumer Uses Netflix Special to go After ’Gun Nuts’.
GO Amy Schumer uses her upcoming Netflix premiere The Leather Special to mock “gun nuts” for opposing her gun control efforts.
GO YAF Pulls Out of Ann Coulter Berkeley Event, Blames College for Allowing ’Hostile Atmosphere’ - Breitbart.
GO Young America’s Foundation (YAF) has pulled out of Ann Coulter’s Thursday event at UC Berkeley, blaming the college for allowing   extremists to terrorize conservatives on campus.
GO ’Hundreds’ to Protest at Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s Walled Hawaiian Estate - Breitbart.
GO “Hundreds” of people are reportedly set to protest at Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg’s Hawaiian $100 million estate in response to the billionaire’s large perimeter wall and reports that locals were allegedly “harassed and intimidated by security” for walking nearby.
GO New York State Prefers You to Die of Cancer than Be ’Offended’.
GO An anonymous group of   Twitter trolls has convinced the New York State Department of Health to withdraw ads promoting colorectal cancer screening from Breitbart News.
GO YouTube TV Customers Will Be Forced to Watch Commercials on Recorded Shows - Breitbart.
GO Customers of YouTube TV, the upcoming television cable package from YouTube, will be forced to watch commercials even on recorded shows, according to a report.
GO Report: India’s City of ’Worst Engineers’ Sends the Most STEM Students to U.S. - Breitbart.
GO Hyderabad, the city that sends the most STEM students from India to the United States, is a city with the “worst engineers” in the country, according to a report.
GO Ann Coulter: Obama Should Testify Under Oath on Trump Campaign Surveillance - Breitbart.
GO Using the hashtag #PutObamaUnderOath,   author and political pundit Ann Coulter tweeted that while knowing the truth about Barack Obama’s National Security Advisor Susan Rice allegedly ordering surveillance of President Donald Trump’s presidential campaign aides, Obama should also testify before Congress on the matter.
GO Trump Budget Director Mulveney: We Are ‘Dead Serious About the Wall’.
GO President Donald Trump’s budget director Mick Mulvaney reassured supporters that the White House would build a wall, previewing it to reporters at the White House press briefing.
GO Jamie Dimon: I’ll Help Trump Because I’m a Patriot - Breitbart.
GO Jamie Dimon told a hostile crowd of shareholders Tuesday morning that he supports President Donald Trump out of a sense of patriotic duty.
GO Joy Reid: Jeff Sessions Might be ’Trolling’ People of Color - Breitbart.
GO Saturday, MSNBC “AM Joy” host Joy Reid suggested Attorney General Jeff Sessions may be participating in the “trolling of people of color” when he met with Police Sgt.
GO Teenager Accidentally Shoots Himself on Instagram Live - Breitbart.
GO A    boy was found dead by his mother on Monday evening after accidentally shooting himself while streaming on Instagram Live.
GO Obama: ‘We Cannot Deny the Legacy of Racism’ in Justice System - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama is finishing his term with a lengthy essay on criminal justice reform in the Harvard Law Review, arguing that Americans should recognize systemic racism in the system.
GO New York Mets suspend Matt Harvey for violating team rules.
GO The New York Mets scratched Matt Harvey for his scheduled start Sunday against the Miami Marlins and suspended the   three days for an undisclosed violation of team rules.
GO Canadian professor discovers what could be only footage of Marcel Proust.
GO A Canadian university professor claims to have found the only existing moving picture of French writer Marcel Proust.
GO Greg Gianforte got over $116,000 in donations after assaulting Guardian reporter.
GO The Republican congressman Greg Gianforte may have earned himself a head start on fundraising for his next campaign when he “ ” a Guardian reporter on the eve of his victory in Montana’s special election, according to a recent filing.
GO ’Angry’ Netanyahu orders ministers to attend Trump reception.
GO Israel’s prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, has reportedly been forced to order his ministers to attend the airport reception for Donald Trump on Monday, after discovering that a number had planned not to attend.
GO Cuban military plane crash kills eight troops, ministry says.
GO A Cuban military plane crashed into a hillside on Saturday morning in the western province of Artemisa, killing eight troops on board, the government said.
GO Katy Perry among 86 artists announced for Glastonbury 2017.
GO Glastonbury has announced its first swath of artists for this year’s festival at Worthy Farm from   June, with 83 acts confirmed in addition to the three headliners, Radiohead, Foo Fighters and Ed Sheeran.
GO Liam Gallagher: listen to his debut solo single Wall of Glass.
GO Liam Gallagher has unveiled his debut solo single, Wall of Glass, having debuted it at an emotional Manchester concert earlier this week.
GO Raúl Castro: Cuba won’t compromise sovereignty to normalize US relations.
GO Raúl Castro has said Cuba hopes to continue to normalize relations with the United States but made it clear that the Trump administration should not expect concessions affecting the country’s sovereignty.
GO Kathy Griffin ’should be ashamed’ of severed head stunt, Trump says.
GO Donald Trump has said Kathy Griffin “should be ashamed of herself” for appearing in a video holding what looked like Trump’s bloody, severed head.
GO Daniel Sturridge’s Liverpool future to be reviewed in summer with exit likely.
GO Jürgen Klopp has confirmed that Daniel Sturridge’s future at Liverpool will be reviewed at the end of the season, with the striker likely to be a   departure from Anfield.
GO Readers’ books of the year 2016.
GO Of the many books that have engaged me this year, three stand out: James shows in a brutally honest memoir how someone can be saved, and The Year of the Runaways by Sunjeev Sahota (Picador) depicts a life that many of us choose to ignore.
GO Guatemala riot: at least 22 girls dead as home for abused teens catches fire.
GO At least 22 girls have been killed in a fire at a   home for abused teens, which broke out when residents set mattresses ablaze after an overnight riot and attempt to escape from the overcrowded   center.
GO Which Adam Sandler films to watch, and which to avoid.
GO The news that Netflix users have spent more than half a billion hours “enjoying” the films of Adam Sandler since December 2015, may come as a surprise to those who have spent just as much time studiously avoiding them.
GO Barack Obama: Scotland has ’a lot to offer the world’.
GO Barack Obama believes Scotland has “a lot to offer the world” and promised to return after his first visit to the country.
GO Dutch electric trains become 100% powered by wind energy.
GO All Dutch electric trains are now powered by wind energy, the national railway company NS has said .
GO Sally Yates: Trump ignored my warnings over ’compromised’ Michael Flynn.
GO Sally Yates, the former top official in the justice department, said in an interview published on Tuesday that she had expected the Trump White House to take action immediately after she told them that national security adviser Michael Flynn had become “compromised with the Russians”.
GO Trump’s attack on London mayor ’indefensible’, says former CIA chief.
GO Michael Hayden, the former head of the CIA and NSA, has described Donald Trump’s criticism of the London mayor, Sadiq Khan, as “stunning” and “indefensible” saying that he understands the swell of anger from “the great body of the British people”.
GO Jessica Chastain: the portrayal of women in films is disturbing.
GO Jessica Chastain has criticised the portrayal of women in cinema, saying that the way female characters were depicted in the films she saw at the Cannes film festival was “disturbing”.
GO Theresa May: Trump was ’being a gentleman’ when he held my hand.
GO Theresa May has insisted Donald Trump was simply “being a gentleman” when he grasped her hand during a visit to the US, creating an image that caused widespread embarrassment.
GO ’Straightforward’ Brexit bill likely to be published on Thursday.
GO David Davis is likely to introduce a “straightforward” Brexit bill on Thursday, two days after a significant ruling by the supreme court, sources have suggested.
GO New Baylor lawsuit alleges 52 rapes by football players in four-year period.
GO A former Baylor University student who says she was raped by two football players filed a federal lawsuit on Friday against the school that alleges there were dozens more assaults of women involving other players.
GO Former MMA fighter War Machine sentenced to life for kidnapping.
GO The former mixed martial arts fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, known more commonly as War Machine, has been sentenced to life in prison after he kidnapped, sexually assaulted and beat his   in 2014.
GO Steve Bannon avoids voter fraud charges over disputed Florida registration.
GO Steve Bannon, the senior adviser to Donald Trump, will not face criminal charges in Florida for voter fraud, prosecutors have ruled, despite them finding evidence that he never lived at or intended to reside at a vacant house in Miami where he was registered to vote.
GO Fiat Chrysler used software to cheat diesel emissions testing, EPA alleges.
GO The US Environmental Protection Agency has accused a second major car company, Fiat Chrysler, of cheating on its diesel emissions testing by using secret software applications in multiple models.
GO Johnny Manziel deletes Twitter account after telling Trump to ignore haters.
GO Former NFL quarterback Johnny Manziel deleted his Twitter account on Monday shortly after tweeting advice to US president Donald Trump.
GO Chuck Berry, pioneering rock’n’roll great, dies at age of 90.
GO The legendary guitarist Chuck Berry, who merged blues and swing into the phenomenon of early rock’n’roll and in the process influenced generations of musicians, died on Saturday aged 90, according to Missouri police.
GO Tom Jones lambasts BBC and The Voice makers for sacking him.
GO Sir Tom Jones has called the BBC’s decision to sack him as a judge on The Voice a mistake, adding that it was “their loss” and that he had been happy to witness the ratings decline after his departure.
GO Why we need to stop saying ’this is the movie we need right now’.
GO If you read film criticism (and you surely do if you’re bothering to read this) you’ve almost certainly seen this phrase describing a recent movie: “[BLANK] is the movie we need right now.
GO Stephen Furst, actor who shone in Animal House, dies aged 63.
GO Stephen Furst, who played naive fraternity pledge Flounder in the hit movie Animal House, has died of complications from diabetes, his family said on Saturday.
GO US secretary of state flies to Britain to say sorry for Manchester leaks.
GO The US secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, has flown to the UK to deliver in person an apology for leaks by US officials of details of the police investigation into the Manchester bombing.
GO Angela Merkel urged to ban Erdoğan over jailed German journalist.
GO Angela Merkel is facing calls to ban the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, from entering Germany while a German journalist continues to be held in an Istanbul prison.
GO Stolen from hospital at birth, woman reunites with family 18 years later.
GO Stolen from a hospital just hours after she was born, an    woman finally learned her true identity and was reunited on Friday with her birth family by video chat.
GO Dozens dead in twin Damascus bombings, says rights monitor.
GO The number dead from twin bombings targeting Shia pilgrims in Damascus has risen to 74, a rights organisation has said.
GO Young girl steals Pope Francis’s skullcap.
GO A young girl has been filmed stealing Pope Francis’s skullcap, known as a zucchetto, as he bent down to give her a kiss on the cheek.
GO Theresa May: support for Grenfell Tower victims ‘was not good enough’.
GO Theresa May admitted that support for victims of the Grenfell Tower fire “was not good enough” after the Metropolitan police said 58 people are missing and presumed dead in the wake of the disaster in west London.
GO May Day in France: six police injured as violent group hijacks Paris march.
GO France’s political, personal and social divisions divisions were laid bare on the streets of Paris on Monday as May Day marches dominated by the final round vote in the presidential election saw violent clashes between police and masked youths.
GO EU expats condemn Theresa May’s ’pathetic’ offer on Brexit rights.
GO Representatives of EU citizens in Britain have branded Theresa May’s offer to guarantee their rights to remain in the country after Brexit pathetic and anything but “fair and serious”.
GO Nelson Mandela’s presidential memoir, Dare Not Linger, due in autumn.
GO The story of Africa’s greatest modern statesman, Nelson Mandela, will gain another chapter this autumn, with the publication of Dare Not Linger.
GO Chief prosecutor urges Venezuelans to reject Maduro’s constitution rewrite.
GO Venezuela’s chief prosecutor has called the country’s people to reject President Nicolás Maduro’s push to rewrite the nation’s constitution and urged the supreme court to annul the process immediately, further deepening her divide with the government.
GO South Carolina Republican: scrap slave memorial if Confederate monument goes.
GO A South Carolina candidate for US Congress, who has been criticized for using the 2015 killings of nine black church members in a campaign advert, has said the removal of a Confederate monument in the state should be matched by the removal of a memorial to African American slaves.
GO Radical ketamine therapy could treat alcohol addiction.
GO Scientists believe that a radical treatment involving the tranquilliser ketamine could help overcome alcohol addiction by “erasing”   memories.
GO Otto Warmbier’s death highlights plight of foreigners jailed in North Korea.
GO The death of Otto Warmbier has focused the world’s attention on the plight of other foreign nationals North Korea has imprisoned to use as bargaining chips for aid and diplomatic concessions.
GO Mary Tyler Moore obituary.
GO The actor Mary Tyler Moore, who has died aged 80, spent decades as “America’s sweetheart” her time in that role reflecting changes in American society and the turmoil of her own private life.
GO Paris mayor demands black feminist festival that ’prohibits’ white people be banned.
GO The Paris mayor, Anne Hidalgo, has called for a black feminist festival in the French capital to be banned, saying it was “prohibited to white people”.
GO Sergio Agüero casts doubt over Manchester City future but club not keen to sell.
GO Sergio Agüero has cast doubt over his future at Manchester City after being left out for a second match in a row in favour of Gabriel Jesus, who scored both goals in a   win at home to Swansea City on Sunday.
GO Late-night TV hosts on Comey’s Trump testimony: ’How is he still president?!’.
GO   TV hosts on Thursday addressed the political fireworks that came from James Comey’s hugely anticipated Senate testimony, in which he detailed the events, including multiple   and phone conversations with Donald Trump, that led to his firing on 9 May.
GO Pippa Middleton marries James Matthews in Englefield.
GO Pippa Middleton has married James Matthews in what has been called the society wedding of the year, in front of royalty, family and friends.
GO Julian Assange: Chelsea Manning clemency was bid to make life hard for me.
GO Julian Assange has said Barack Obama’s decision to grant whistleblower Chelsea Manning clemency was a bid to “make life hard” for him.
GO Ariana Grande visits injured fans in hospital.
GO American singer Ariana Grande has visited young fans injured in the Manchester terror attack in hospital.
GO Donald Trump may face new legal action over Trump University.
GO Donald Trump could face new legal action over his controversial Trump University venture, after a new suit was filed in federal court.
GO US to declare China among worst human trafficking offenders – officials.
GO The Trump administration is poised to declare China among the world’s worst offenders on human trafficking, US officials said Monday, putting the world’s most populous country in the same category as North Korea, Zimbabwe and Syria.
GO Suicide bomber strikes at Shia mosque in western Kabul.
GO At least four people have been killed in Kabul after a suicide bomber and gunmen attacked a mosque where worshippers had gathered for an important Shia holiday.
GO Russia investigation: Mike Pence hires personal legal counsel.
GO Vice president Mike Pence has hired outside legal counsel to oversee his response to investigations into possible collusion between Russia and president Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign.
GO Bill Nighy: ‘I’m not in any trouble, everybody can relax’.
GO Around halfway through my interview with Bill Nighy, it becomes apparent that he hasn’t actually seen the film he is giving the interview to promote.
GO Enes Kanter calls Turkey’s Erdoğan ’Hitler of our century’ after airport detainment.
GO Oklahoma City Thunder center Enes Kanter expressed his desire to become a US citizen and underscored a previous claim that Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is the “Hitler of our century” on Monday in New York in his first comments since his detainment at a Romanian airport over the weekend.
GO Otto Warmbier dies days after being returned from North Korea.
GO Otto Warmbier, the    student who was returned to the US in a coma last week after 17 months as a prisoner in North Korea, has died in a Cincinnati hospital, his parents announced.
GO French Guiana strikes lifted after aid package agreed with Paris.
GO Activists in French Guiana have lifted strikes that crippled the territory for almost a month after the government in Paris pledged an aid package worth billions of euros.
GO Ivanka Trump to become White House employee instead of informal adviser.
GO Following criticism from ethics experts, Ivanka Trump will become an official government employee, working as an unpaid adviser to her father in the White House, alongside her husband.
GO Borussia Dortmund’s Watzke: ‘The team is in shock. We must get through this’.
GO The Borussia Dortmund chief executive,   Watzke, said his players were suffering from severe shock after explosions by the side of their team coach caused Tuesday night’s Champions League   first leg against Monaco to be postponed until Wednesday.
GO Donald Trump is not blameless when white supremacists slaughter people.
GO Jeremy Christian, an avowed white supremacist with a violent past, is the alleged killer of Rick Best and Taliesin Myrddin   but Donald Trump is not blameless for their deaths.
GO SXSW acts turned away at the border, with some suggesting racial profiling.
GO SXSW is continuing to be affected by immigration issues as several acts have been turned away at the border, with some suggesting the actions of border agents amounted to racial profiling and were triggered by heightened tension after Donald Trump’s executive order.
GO US scientists launch world’s biggest solar geoengineering study.
GO US scientists are set to send aerosol injections 20km up into the earth’s stratosphere in the world’s biggest solar geoengineering programme to date, to study the potential of a future   for global warming.
GO Mike Flynn indicates he would testify in Trump-Russia inquiry in exchange for immunity.
GO Donald Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, has all but confirmed that he offered to testify before the FBI and congressional committees about potential links between the Trump campaign and Russia in exchange for immunity.
GO Female film protagonists reached all-time high in 2016, study shows.
GO The number of female protagonists in hit films was at an   high in 2016, according to a new study.
GO France on extra high alert for May Day as protesters march against Le Pen.
GO France will be on extra high alert on Monday as workers and protesters use the traditional 1 May marches to stage a show of force against the   presidential candidate Marine Le Pen.
GO China provisionally grants Trump 38 trademarks – including for escort service.
GO China has granted preliminary approval for 38 new Trump trademarks, paving the way for Donald Trump and his family to potentially develop a host of branded businesses from hotels to insurance to bodyguard and escort services, public documents show.
GO Ex-Obama adviser denies leaking names of officials in Trump-Russia reports.
GO Susan Rice, the national security adviser in the Obama administration, has denied claims that she made politically motivated requests for names of Trump officials mentioned in intelligence reports on Russian interference in the 2016 election.
GO Damien Chazelle wins best director Oscar for La La Land.
GO Damien Chazelle has won the best director Oscar for La La Land, making him the youngest ever, at 32 years and 38 days, to win the award.
GO Brazil prison riot leaves at least four dead.
GO A prison uprising in northern Brazil has left at least four dead, adding to the   violence in Brazil’s penitentiary system that has claimed the lives of almost 100 inmates.
GO Donald Trump remarks raise fears of US disengagement in Libya.
GO Donald Trump’s declaration that the US had “no role” in Libya has raised doubts about whether a political compromise can still be reached with the help of Americans in the embattled   country, possibly opening the door to greater Russian involvement in the region.
GO Letter bomb that exploded at Paris IMF office was sent from Greece.
GO A letter bomb that was dispatched to the headquarters of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris and blew up on Thursday, injuring the employee who opened it, was sent from Greece, the Greek public order minister has said.
GO Dakota Access pipeline: appeals court refuses tribes’ request to stop oil flow.
GO An appeals court on Saturday refused a request from two Native American tribes for an “emergency” order that would prevent oil from flowing through Dakota Access pipeline.
GO Richard Sherman says Colin Kaepernick is being blackballed by NFL teams.
GO Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman believes Colin Kaepernick is being blackballed by NFL teams for his political protest last season.
GO President Trump says he’ll keep you safe. It’s a lie.
GO On Thursday, President Trump signed three vaguely worded executive orders which which, he said, were “designed to restore safety in America”.
GO Over the ice ... how to run across a Siberian lake.
GO Ray Zahab has run thousands of miles over deserts: the Gobi, Sahara, Atacama, Antarctica and plenty more.
GO Ukrainian leader says ceasefire in effect.
GO Mariupol, Ukraine (CNN) Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko declared a ceasefire went into effect at midnight Saturday local time (5 p. m. ET) between the Ukrainian military and   militants in the nation’s east.
GO Denmark suspect swore fidelity to ISIS leader.
GO Copenhagen, Denmark (CNN) The man suspected of killing two people in Copenhagen swore fidelity to ISIS leader Abu Bakr   in a posting made on what’s apparently his Facebook page just before the weekend shooting spree.
GO ’Parks and Recreation’ producer Harris Wittels dies.
GO Los Angeles (CNN) Harris Wittels, a comedian and executive producer of the NBC show ”Parks and Recreation,” has died of a possible overdose, police said Thursday.
GO UCLA hospital cites scopes as behind superbug outbreak.
GO Los Angeles (CNN) The superbug CRE outbreak connected to two patient deaths at a UCLA hospital was caused by two medical scopes that still carried the deadly bacteria even after disinfection guidelines were followed, hospital officials said Thursday.
GO Police. Road rage suspect told friends he shot someone.
GO Las Vegas (CNN) The man police have accused of gunning down a Las Vegas woman after an apparent road rage incident confided in two friends hours after the shooting that he had shot someone, according to a police report released Friday.
GO Yemen’s deposed president flees house arrest.
GO Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) Deposed Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi escaped house arrest in the country’s capital early Saturday and fled to the southern province of Aden, where he is expected to withdraw his resignation in a televised speech in the next 24 hours, two of his advisers said.
GO Gary Glitter gets 16-year sentence for child sex abuse.
GO London (CNN) British former pop star Gary Glitter on Friday was sentenced to 16 years in prison for child sex abuse offenses he committed more than three decades ago.
GO Another plot to oust Boehner brewing?.
GO Washington (CNN) House Speaker John Boehner faces a looming threat from conservatives to oust him as speaker, and it’s tying his hands on funding the Department of Homeland Security.
GO Rand Paul wins 2015 CPAC straw poll.
GO Washington (CNN) Sen. Rand Paul won the Conservative Political Action Conference straw poll for the third year in a row on Saturday, with 25.
GO Iraqi forces expected to retake Tikrit within days.
GO Near Tikrit, Iraq (CNN) Iraqi forces are closing in on Tikrit and could be days away from retaking the city from ISIS fighters just over a week after launching a major offensive.
GO 71-year-old nun raped in India, official says.
GO New Delhi (CNN) A gang of robbers struck a Christian school in eastern India on Saturday, and one of them raped a    nun, a senior official said.
GO Calls for calm in Ferguson after shooting.
GO Tensions have remained high in Ferguson, Missouri, since August 2014 when police Officer Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown.
GO McConnell: No Lynch vote unless Democrats relent on bill.
GO Washington (CNN) Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Sunday said he plans to hold up attorney general nominee Loretta Lynch’s confirmation until the Senate passes a   human trafficking bill.
GO Six things to watch this week.
GO A look at television that has new or special episodes this week.
GO Gen. Petraeus still advising White House.
GO Atlanta (CNN) Former CIA director and retired Gen. David Petraeus remains a trusted adviser to the White House on its strategy in Iraq, despite being convicted of leaking classified information to his mistress and biographer, then lying to the FBI.
GO White House mailed package with cyanide.
GO Washington (CNN) The White House received an envelope this week containing a substance that testing revealed to be cyanide, the Secret Service confirmed Tuesday.
GO Secret Service asks for $8M White House replica.
GO Washington (CNN) After multiple   that critics say could’ve put President Barack Obama and his family at risk, the Secret Service wants to try something new: Training on a replica White House.
GO A dentist is being sued for harassing staff by constantly playing Christian music.
GO      A Michigan dentist who streamed contemporary Christian music in her dental office and held prayer meetings for staff members is being sued by four former employees for religious discrimination.
GO President Obama clears way for federal aid in Flint, Mich., water crisis.
GO      President Obama on Saturday signed an emergency declaration for the state of Michigan, clearing the way for federal aid to help resolve the water crisis in Flint.
GO Hours before debate, Sanders shares details of health-care plan that would raise income taxes.
GO      CHARLESTON, S. C.    Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders would raise income taxes across the board    and by substantially more on high earners    to pay for an ambitious     plan, under details released Sunday night.
GO Bill O’Reilly will flee to Ireland if Sanders is elected. He’s in for a shock.
GO      Bill O’Reilly, the host of Fox News’s “The O’Reilly Factor,” is threatening to flee the country if Sen. Bernie Sanders ( .)
GO Elon Musk’s SpaceX successfully launches rocket but falls short on landing at sea.
GO      The daring attempt by billionaire Elon Musk’s SpaceX to land the first stage of an umanned rocket on a floating platform in the Pacific Ocean came close but ultimately fell short when one of the landing legs didn’t operate correctly, the company said Sunday afternoon.
GO Iran sanctions lifted: Now what?.
GO      With the lifting of international sanctions and the influx of more than $100 billion to Iran, the West has lost virtually any leverage it has over Tehran.
GO The number of eligible Hispanic voters is at an all-time high. But will they vote?.
GO      The number of eligible Hispanic voters in the United States has expanded by more than 4 million since 2012, according to a new study, reaching a record 27.
GO Former NFL receiver Antwaan Randle El regrets ever playing football.
GO      Former Washington Redskins and Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antwaan Randle El is perhaps best remembered for his   touchdown pass in Super Bowl XL that aided a Pittsburgh win over Seattle, but a decade later, the physical and mental drawbacks have been so significant that he regrets ever playing in the NFL.
GO New evidence suggests a ninth planet lurking at the edge of the solar system.
GO        Astronomers at the California Institute of Technology announced Wednesday that they have found new evidence of a giant icy planet lurking in the darkness of our solar system far beyond the orbit of Pluto.
GO The newest prime number is more than 22 million digits long.
GO      Prime numbers are divisible only by themselves and by the number one, and as you might imagine, they become more mind boggling as numbers get larger.
GO Disgraced ex-officer Daniel Holtzclaw sentenced to 263 years in prison for rapes, sexual assaults.
GO      A former Oklahoma City police officer was sentenced to 263 years in prison Thursday, about a month after he was convicted of rapes and other offenses that authorities say occurred while he was on duty.
GO Will Smith will also boycott the Academy Awards as #OscarsSoWhite backlash grows.
GO      An Academy Awards boycott that stemmed from a lack of racial diversity among Oscar nominees has grown, with Will Smith saying Thursday that he is joining his wife in skipping this year’s ceremony.
GO U.S. snow is below average this season, but this weekend’s storm will change that considerably.
GO      As the D. C. region braces for a potentially historic amount of snowfall starting Friday, a look back at the snow season from July 1 to Dec. 31 shows that most of ​the nation’s cities are below​ average ​for cumulative snowfall through the end of last year.
GO With David Blatt gone in Cleveland, focus now shifts to LeBron James.
GO      From the moment LeBron James returned to the Cleveland Cavaliers in July of 2014 after his   South Beach sabbatical, the clock was ticking on David Blatt’s tenure with the franchise.
GO Jeff Bezos launches and lands again in another first for booming space industry.
GO        Two months after Jeff Bezos’s Blue Origin launched a rocket just past the boundary of space and then recovered it in a soft landing, the space company repeated the feat Friday with the same rocket in another breakthrough for the booming commercial space industry.
GO Metro to reopen with very limited service on 3 lines Monday.
GO       After two days of being shuttered for snow, Metro will reopen Monday    but with very limited underground service on only three lines, officials said Sunday.
GO U-Va. student detained in N. Korea was taken to the hospital from the airport, tour guide says.
GO      A University of Virginia student was stopped at the Pyongyang airport when he was planning to leave North Korea on Jan. 2, questioned by airport officials about an incident at his hotel and taken to the hospital while the rest of his tour group flew home, according to the group’s leader.
GO The U.S. was supposed to leave Afghanistan by 2017. Now it might take decades..
GO      Top U. S. military commanders, who only a few months ago were planning to pull the last American troops out of Afghanistan by year’s end, are now quietly talking about an American commitment that could keep thousands of troops in the country for decades.
GO Sales of iPhones grow at slowest pace since the smartphone was introduced.
GO      Apple said Tuesday sales of its iPhones increased at the slowest pace since the smartphone was introduced in 2007, a sign that the period of wild growth of the company’s flagship device may be coming to an end.
GO Deficiencies at Theranos ‘pose immediate jeopardy to patient health’.
GO      Theranos, the   Silicon Valley company that promised to revolutionize blood testing, was warned by federal regulators this week that its Newark, Calif. laboratory has “deficient practices” that “pose immediate jeopardy to patient health and safety,” according to a letter sent to the company this week.
GO John Kerry and Jason Rezaian speak at opening ceremony for Post headquarters.
GO   Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian and the man who negotiated his release from an Iranian prison, Secretary of State John F. Kerry, lauded the principle of bringing Americans in trouble home, no matter how hard, as they shared a stage Monday at the opening of The Post’s new headquarters.
GO The State Department: Hillary Clinton’s email correspondence contained ‘top secret’ material.
GO        The State Department has concluded there is ”top secret” material in Hillary Clinton’s email correspondence from the time she was secretary of state, indicating that some of her emails will never be released, even in heavily redacted form, because they are too sensitive for the public to view.
GO Sorry, Donald Trump. But Megyn Kelly is a fantastic debate moderator..
GO      There was no avoiding it, and Fox News Channel didn’t really try: Megyn Kelly was the star of the show at Thursday’s Republican presidential debate in Des Moines.
GO U.S. missile destroyer sailed close to island claimed by China.
GO      A U. S. missile destroyer passed close to a tiny disputed island in the South China Sea late on Friday in the Pentagon’s latest assertion of U. S. naval freedom despite growing territorial feuds there.
GO ‘These animals were betrayed’: More than 600 recovered in near-record rescue.
GO        More than 600 animals were rescued from a North Carolina shelter this week in what one national   cruelty group said was among the largest rescues in its history.
GO How to tell your boss you’re pregnant.
GO      Consider this one of the most pivotal conversations in your career: how to tell your boss you’re pregnant.
GO Rick Santorum to drop out of 2016 presidential race.
GO      Rick Santorum, the deeply conservative former senator who won nearly a dozen contests in the 2012 race for the Republican nomination, is expected to announce Wednesday that he will suspend his latest and   run for the presidency.
GO Paul Ryan to Tea Party: You are the problem.
GO      Today, Paul Ryan gave a fascinating speech at Heritage Action, a tea   organization that has fashioned itself as the guardian of conservative purity.
GO Media titan Sumner Redstone, 92, resigns as CBS chairman amid questions about his health..
GO      Media mogul Sumner Redstone has resigned as board chairman at CBS Corp. after a court battle raised questions about the    executive’s mental competence.
GO Sorry, Hillary: You are the establishment.
GO    Danielle Allen is a political theorist at Harvard University and a contributing columnist for The Post.
GO One-fifth of this occupation has a serious drinking problem.
GO      America’s lawyers have a serious drinking problem, according to a new report from the American Society of Addiction Medicine.
GO California delegation staff comes down with norovirus.
GO Washington (CNN) Nearly a dozen staff members of the California delegation at the Republican National Convention are showing symptoms of a norovirus.
GO Lady Gaga, Lenny Kravitz to headline DNC concert.
GO Washington (CNN) Lady Gaga, Lenny Kravitz and DJ Jazzy Jeff are set to headline a concert at the BBT Pavilion in Camden, New Jersey, next Thursday for Democratic convention delegates and invited guests, hours before Hillary Clinton is set to be formally nominated.
GO Political Prediction Market: Clinton leads Trump.
GO Washington (CNN) Public opinion polls suggest a close race, but Hillary Clinton is crushing Donald Trump with a   lead in CNN’s Political Prediction Market during the week of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland.
GO Hillary Clinton poised to reveal VP pick.
GO Miami (CNN) Hillary Clinton is poised to reveal her vice presidential candidate Friday in a message to supporters, people close to the search say, and is planning to make her first appearance with her running mate at a campaign rally in Miami on Saturday.
GO Hillary Clinton hate for sale on the streets of Cleveland .
GO Cleveland (CNN) On the streets outside the Quicken Loans Arena, in the shadows largely tucked away from most media coverage, there is a booming market for cheap, privately made and often viscerally sexist paraphernalia targeting Hillary Clinton and her supporters.
GO Turkey coup: What does the state of emergency mean?.
GO Istanbul (CNN) Turks found their country locked in a state of emergency Thursday as their President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, vowed to root out perceived enemies of the state following a failed coup over the weekend.
GO Floods, landslides kill 135 people in China.
GO Beijing (CNN) Heavy rains triggered flooding and landslides in China this week, leaving at least 135 people dead, local authorities and state media reported.
GO How people in Turkey feel, one week on.
GO Istanbul (CNN) A week on from the dramatic and bloody events of last Friday, when a faction of the military launched a failed coup in Turkey, the country is in a state of emergency.
GO David Duke running for Senate seat in Louisiana.
GO Washington (CNN) Former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke announced his US Senate campaign Friday in Louisiana, promising to defend the rights of European Americans.
GO Trump, Warren reignite feud in wake of Kaine VP selection.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren continued their ongoing Twitter feud Saturday in the wake of Hillary Clinton’s decision to tap Tim Kaine as her running mate.
GO Ansbach suicide bomber pledged allegiance to ISIS.
GO Ansbach, Germany (CNN) The Syrian suicide bomber who injured 15 people in a Sunday night attack on a music festival in Ansbach, Germany, left behind a video pledging allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr   Bavarian Interior Minister Joachim Herrmann said Monday.
GO What Clinton’s campaign learned from gamers.
GO Philadelphia (CNN) When you get tired of hunting Pokémon, Hillary Clinton’s campaign hopes you’ll get addicted to her new game too.
GO Bernie Sanders: ’I am proud to stand with her’.
GO Philadelphia (CNN) Bernie Sanders on Monday and Tuesday led an orchestrated attempt by Democratic leaders to pull their party together, but simmering anger among his   supporters proved that Democratic unity will be a work in progress.
GO Mike Pence to skip Koch brothers event.
GO Washington (CNN) GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence will not attend the summer donor summit organized by Charles and David Koch, now unable to commit to an event after he was added to the ticket with Donald Trump, Pence, a Koch favorite, had originally committed to attending this weekend’s event, where hundreds of   Republican donors    including many Trump skeptics    will gather.
GO US Navy to China: We’re staying in South China Sea.
GO Washington (CNN) The U. S. will continue freedom of navigation operations in the South China Sea, a senior Navy officer says, as the region continues to react to a landmark Hague ruling on territorial claims in the disputed waters.
GO Chelsea Clinton to introduce her mother at DNC.
GO Philadelphia (CNN) Chelsea Clinton will introduce her mother ahead of her Thursday night nomination acceptance speech with remarks she has been writing ”for a couple weeks,” her spokeswoman, Erika Gudmunson, said Tuesday.
GO Barack Obama slams Trump, makes appeal for Hillary Clinton.
GO Philadelphia (CNN) President Barack Obama made a fervent plea for Hillary Clinton on Wednesday, casting the Democratic nominee as a custodian of his legacy while rejecting Republicans’ message as fostering anger and hate.
GO How to turn a used car into an $80,000 ride.
GO Seoul, South Korea (CNN) A    beat up Hyundai SUV isn’t anyone’s idea of a dream car.
GO Joe Biden slams Donald Trump.
GO Philadelphia (CNN) Vice President Joe Biden rejected Donald Trump’s TV      ”you’re fired!”    with a line of his own during a furious tirade against the billionaire Republican nominee Wednesday.
GO How Hillary Clinton defined her moment.
GO Philadelphia (CNN) As Hillary Clinton playfully batted away an avalanche of balloons Thursday night, she appeared proud, happy and reconciled to her historic moment.
GO Charles Koch frets about America turning to politicians in dark times.
GO Colorado Springs, Colorado (CNN) Charles Koch warned his allies on Saturday that the country could ”deteriorate” if   people turned solely to politicians for salvation in dark times, another sign that the influential Republican patrons have little faith in today’s elected leaders.
GO Mark Cuban endorses Hillary Clinton, calls Donald Trump ’bats--- crazy’.
GO Pittsburgh (CNN) Billionaire entrepreneur Mark Cuban endorsed Hillary Clinton on Saturday during a campaign event in Pittsburgh, telling CNN that he had decided Donald Trump had gone ”    crazy.” ”Trump scares me,” Cuban said after speaking on behalf of Clinton and Tim Kaine, her vice presidential nominee.
GO Rio Olympics: Is Brazil ready for the 2016 Games?.
GO Rio de Janeiro (CNN) In just one week, the eyes of the world will be on Rio de Janeiro as the Olympic Games arrive in South America for the first time.
GO NTSB: Texas hot air balloon hit power lines.
GO Kyle, Texas (CNN) Part of the hot air balloon that crashed in Texas hit power lines when it went down, an NTSB spokesman said Sunday after investigators arrived at the accident scene in dusty pastureland south of Austin.
GO Khizr Khan: Trump has a ’black soul’.
GO Washington (CNN) Khizr Khan, the father of a Muslim US soldier slain in Iraq in 2004, said Sunday that Donald Trump has a ”black soul,” indicating he lacks empathy and compassion.
GO How much are the Rio Olympic gold medals worth?.
GO Rio de Janeiro (CNN) The making of the 2016 Rio Olympic and Paralympic medals is a mix of art and science.
GO Charles Koch on speculation he would vote for Clinton: ’That is a blood libel’.
GO Colorado Springs (CNN) Charles Koch, frustrated by questions about whether he could support Democrat Hillary Clinton in the presidential race, on Sunday deemed that idea a ”blood libel.” Koch, speaking halfway through his biannual donor summit at the Broadmoor resort, has long said he will not support Republican Donald Trump in November.
GO Hong Kong soaked but safe as Typhoon Nida is downgraded.
GO Hong Kong (CNN) Fierce winds lashed Hong Kong in the early hours of Tuesday morning, but no major damage was reported as Typhoon Nida hit the city and moved onto mainland China.
GO Donald Trump calls Hillary Clinton ’the devil’.
GO Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania (CNN) Donald Trump called Hillary Clinton ”the devil” on Monday as he rallied supporters in this battleground state.
GO Trump campaign urges Hill supporters to defend him in fight with Gold Star family.
GO Washington (CNN) As the blowback to Donald Trump’s public feud with a Gold Star family escalated on Monday, the GOP nominee’s campaign sent out talking points to congressional supporters urging them to come to his defense.
GO North Korea fires 2 ballistic missiles, South Korea and U.S. say .
GO Seoul, South Korea (CNN) North Korea fired two ballistic missiles Wednesday morning    including one into the Sea of Japan    in the country’s latest defiance of U. N. Security Council resolutions, U. S. and South Korean authorities said.
GO Sarah Palin’s son-in-law, a veteran, calls on Trump to apologize.
GO Washington (CNN) Sarah Palin’s    Dakota Meyer, who received the Medal of Honor in 2011, said Tuesday Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump should apologize to the Khan family for comments he made about the Muslim parents of a slain US soldier.
GO Eric Trump: Ivanka would not allow herself to be sexually harassed .
GO Washington (CNN) Eric Trump said Tuesday his sister, Ivanka, is ”strong” and ”powerful” and would never allow herself to be sexually harassed by her boss.
GO Trump gifted Purple Heart, says he ’always wanted’ one.
GO Ashburn, Virginia (CNN) A military veteran supporting Donald Trump gifted the Republican nominee his Purple Heart Tuesday, prompting Trump to say he ”always wanted to get the Purple Heart” and this was ”much easier” than serving in combat.
GO First on CNN: Super PAC to begin $1M pro-Trump radio campaign.
GO Washington (CNN) A new super PAC is beginning what is expected to be a $1 million radio buy on behalf of Donald Trump, a campaign that will be one of the largest advertising purchases for the Republican presidential nominee so far.
GO Obama on Iran payment: ’We do not pay ransom’.
GO Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama on Thursday dismissed suggestions a $400 million payment to Iran amounted to a ransom paid in return for the release of American hostages.
GO Protesters with pocket Constitutions removed from Trump rally.
GO Portland, Maine (CNN) A group of protesters at Donald Trump’s rally here on Thursday stood up silently during the Republican nominee’s speech and held up pocket copies of the Constitution.
GO Jill Stein: ’No question’ Julian Assange is a hero.
GO Washington (CNN) Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein hailed Julian Assange as a hero Saturday, saying the WikiLeaks founder’s disclosure of Democratic National Committee emails exposed the American electorate to important information.
GO Oscars 2017: why La La Land is favored to win Best Picture.
GO             The narrative as we head into the 2017 Oscars and the battle for the year’s Best Picture trophy is that La La Land’s win is inevitable.
GO After Lawsuit, New Jersey Allows Driver to Get ‘8THEIST’ License Plate - The New York Times.
GO Drivers in New Jersey will be able to request vanity license plates that reference their belief in atheism after the state’s Motor Vehicle Commission settled a lawsuit this month filed by a woman whose request for a license plate that said “8THEIST” was rejected almost three years ago.
GO Ex-SEAL Member Who Wrote Book on Bin Laden Raid Forfeits $6.8 Million - The New York Times.
GO Matt Bissonnette, a former member of Navy SEAL Team 6 who wrote an account of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden, agreed on Friday to forfeit $6.
GO Max Ritvo, Poet Who Chronicled His Cancer Fight, Dies at 25 - The New York Times.
GO Max Ritvo, an accomplished poet who spent much of his life under the cloud of cancer while gaining wide attention writing and speaking about it, died of the disease on Tuesday at his home in Los Angeles.
GO Charles Osgood to Leave CBS Show ‘Sunday Morning’ After 22 Years - The New York Times.
GO Charles Osgood, whose distinct voice and dapper broadcasting style has made the CBS show “Sunday Morning” a weekly ritual for many viewers, will be leaving at the end of September after 22 years as the program’s anchor.
GO Singer Chris Brown Arrested After Standoff at His Los Angeles Home - The New York Times.
GO The   RB singer Chris Brown was arrested by the Los Angeles police on Tuesday and charged with assault with a deadly weapon after an hourslong standoff with the police outside his Los   home, a police spokeswoman said.
GO New York City Will Change Lead Testing Methods at Its Schools - The New York Times.
GO New York City said on Friday that it would adjust its procedure of testing for lead in the water supply of schools, after experts said the city’s methods could lower the levels found.
GO French Prime Minister Faults Times Article Giving Voice to Muslim Women - The New York Times.
GO Prime Minister Manuel Valls of France sharply criticized on Monday a New York Times article in which French Muslim women described being ostracized by   discriminated against when they sought jobs and made to feel persecuted.
GO Did Hillary Clinton Have to Be First? - The New York Times.
GO Did Hillary Clinton, or somebody very much like her, have to be the first woman to get this close to winning the presidency?
GO North Korea Will Have the Skills to Make a Nuclear Warhead by 2020, Experts Say - The New York Times.
GO North Korea’s fifth nuclear test is ominous not only because the country is slowly mastering atomic weaponry, but because it is making headway in developing missiles that could hurl nuclear warheads halfway around the globe, threatening Washington and New York City.
GO ‘Saturday Night Live’ Adds 3 Cast Members - The New York Times.
GO “Saturday Night Live” is adding three cast members as it enters its 42nd season, NBC announced on Monday.
GO Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Give More Details on Their Health - The New York Times.
GO With less than eight weeks until Election Day and pressure mounting for the candidates to give details about their health and medical histories, Donald J. Trump acknowledged on Wednesday that he was overweight and taking a   drug, and Hillary Clinton elaborated on the circumstances that led to her contracting pneumonia and the medicine she was taking to recover.
GO Black Child With BB Gun Is Shot by Police in Columbus, Ohio - The New York Times.
GO Officials in Columbus, Ohio, appealed for calm, patience and investigative help Thursday, hours after a white police officer fatally shot a      boy who had apparently brandished a firearm that was later determined to be a BB gun.
GO On Veterans Day, Obama urges a disgruntled and divided country to ‘practice kindness’.
GO      President Obama laid a wreath in Arlington National Cemetery on Friday and used his final Veterans Day speech to deliver a plea for unity and to urge Americans to set aside political grievances and follow the example of those who fight the country’s wars.
GO Alaska officer ‘ambushed’ and shot multiple times, police say.
GO      An Alaska police officer was “ambushed” and shot multiple times in downtown Anchorage early Saturday morning, according to the Anchorage Police Department.
GO Four Americans die in suicide blast at U.S. base in Afghanistan; 17 others wounded.
GO          In an unprecedented attack, a suicide bomber killed four Americans and wounded 17 other people Saturday morning inside Bagram air base in northern Afghanistan.
GO Reince Priebus named Trump’s chief of staff.
GO        Donald Trump has chosen Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as his chief of staff, according to Trump’s campaign.
GO Donald Trump plans to immediately deport 2 million to 3 million undocumented immigrants.
GO      In a ”60 Minutes” interview scheduled to air Sunday,   Donald Trump said he planned to immediately deport 2 million to 3 million undocumented immigrants who “have criminal records” after his inauguration next January.
GO Kellyanne Conway: It’s up to Clinton, Obama to calm anti-Trump protesters.
GO          Kellyanne Conway, Donald Trump’s former campaign manager, said it is incumbent upon Hillary Clinton, President Obama and other Democratic leaders to calm their supporters and encourage a peaceful transition of power amid   demonstrations that have swept U. S. cities since Election Day.
GO Giuliani: ‘There will be a wall’ between Trump and his financial interests.
GO      Donald Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani said ”there’s no perfect way” for the   to deal with his billions in business assets, but on Sunday encouraged Trump to put his money in a blind trust ”for the good of the country.” No matter what Trump does, Giuliani said, ”there will be a wall” between Trump’s decisions as President and his financial interests.
GO Donald Trump keeps up media attacks with misleading tweets about New York Times.
GO            Donald Trump sounded very much like presidential candidate Donald Trump on Sunday morning in a pair of misleading tweets about the New York Times.
GO Trump, Putin agree in phone call to improve ‘unsatisfactory’ relations between their countries, Kremlin says.
GO          Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed in a telephone conversation Monday that relations between their countries were “unsatisfactory” and vowed to work together to improve them, the Kremlin said in a statement.
GO Is Trump’s new chief strategist a racist? Critics say so..
GO    Donald Trump’s new chief strategist and senior counselor, Stephen K. Bannon, has been called a racist, an   and a white nationalist.
GO An advanced Russian jet just crashed during its debut off the Syrian coast.
GO      A Russian fighter jet crashed in the Mediterranean Sea while trying to land on Russia’s sole aircraft carrier, which is stationed off the Syrian coast, the Russian Ministry of Defense said Monday in a statement.
GO A Trump administration thaw with Russia is ‘unacceptable,’ McCain says.
GO    Sen. John McCain, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, sent his first shot across the bow of   Donald Trump’s national security plans Tuesday, saying that any attempt to “reset” relations with Russia is unacceptable.
GO Ben Carson is unlikely to serve in Trump’s Cabinet.
GO      Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, who has been a confidant to   Donald Trump since the end of the Republican primaries, is unlikely to join the administration but will remain an informal adviser.
GO Minnesota officer charged with manslaughter for shooting Philando Castile during incident streamed on Facebook.
GO          Prosecutors in Minnesota said Wednesday that they had charged a police officer with   manslaughter for fatally shooting Philando Castile during a traffic stop in a Twin Cities suburb over the summer.
GO Trump plans meeting with former critic Mitt Romney as transition outreach broadens.
GO    Donald Trump plans to meet this weekend with former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney, a fierce critic during the campaign, to discuss his transition operation and a potential role as secretary of state, people close to the transition said Thursday.
GO Intelligence chief Clapper says submitting resignation ‘felt pretty good’.
GO          Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper Jr. said Thursday that he has submitted his letter of resignation to President Obama, cementing his   plan to leave his job as the nation’s spy chief when a new president is sworn in.
GO What Romney should tell Trump.
GO      CNN reports:   Donald Trump will meet this weekend with one of his fiercest critics: 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney, a senior Republican source told CNN on Thursday.
GO Trump’s CIA pick is seen as both a fierce partisan and serious student of national security issues.
GO    Donald Trump’s pick to lead the CIA is a Kansas congressman who is widely respected for his intelligence but also seen as a fierce partisan on polarizing issues including the deaths of U. S. personnel in Benghazi, the leaks of Edward Snowden and the email controversy that engulfed Hillary Clinton.
GO ‘Fear of Muslims is rational’: What Trump’s new national security adviser has said online.
GO            Donald Trump’s pick for national security adviser, among the most important jobs in the   Trump administration, has said some pretty incendiary things on the Internet.
GO Why Donald Trump’s family being in the White House is problematic, explained.
GO      In case there was any doubt, the last 24 hours have sealed it: Donald Trump’s family will play a big role in his presidency, if they have anything to say about it.
GO WHO no longer considers Zika a global health emergency.
GO      The Zika virus that has spread to more than 50 countries is no longer considered an international public health emergency, the World Health Organization declared Friday.
GO Reince Priebus: Trump will avoid conflicts of interest as president.
GO            Donald Trump’s pick for chief of staff, Reince Priebus, has vowed that White House counsel will ensure Trump avoids all conflicts of interest with his business ventures during his administration.
GO Trump can’t revive industry. But his voters might still get raises..
GO      Donald Trump won a narrow victory in the Rust Belt by making a lot of promises he probably can’t keep: that he will bring millions of manufacturing jobs back from Mexico and China; that he will revive coal mining; that he will restore the steel industry in Pittsburgh.
GO How President Trump could use the White House to enrich himself and his family.
GO          For the past 40 years, every president has placed his personal investments and assets in a blind trust while in the White House, or has sold everything and held cash equivalents.
GO The secretive brain trust of Silicon Valley insiders who are helping Trump.
GO      Billionaire tech investor Peter Thiel is putting together a brain trust of Silicon Valley insiders to share ideas with the transition team for   Donald Trump.
GO Michelle Rhee takes herself out of the running for Trump’s education secretary.
GO        Michelle Rhee, who rose to national prominence as the controversial chancellor of D. C. Public Schools, appeared on Tuesday to take herself out of the running to become   Donald Trump’s education secretary.
GO If Trump’s smart, he’ll pick Mitt Romney.
GO    Donald Trump’s flirtation with Mitt Romney as a possible pick for secretary of state has injected a sliver of hope and change into an evolving administration that could use some.
GO How to survive Thanksgiving 2016.
GO      how can you speak to your family at thanksgiving?
GO Election recount will take place in Wisconsin, after Stein files petition.
GO      An election recount will take place soon in Wisconsin, after former Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein filed a petition Friday with the state’s Election Commission, the first of three states where she has promised to contest the election result.
GO Accused Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof competent to stand trial, judge rules.
GO          A federal judge on Friday ruled that Dylann Roof, the    accused of killing nine parishioners in a Charleston, S. C. church last year, is competent to stand trial.
GO Clinton campaign will participate in Wisconsin recount, with an eye on ‘outside interference,’ lawyer says.
GO      Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign has been quietly exploring whether there was any “outside interference” in the election results and will participate in the election recount in Wisconsin initiated by Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein, a Clinton campaign lawyer revealed Saturday.
GO Jill Stein tries to force recount in Pennsylvania, as Trump team keeps up talk of voter fraud with no evidence.
GO        Donald Trump and Green Party candidate Jill Stein continued raising competing doubts about the election on Monday, with Trump’s transition team voicing concerns about voter fraud without providing evidence and Stein taking legal action to trigger a recount in Pennsylvania, one of three states she has targeted for additional scrutiny.
GO Accused Charleston church shooter will represent himself at federal hate-crimes trial.
GO      The white man charged with killing nine black parishioners at a church in Charleston, S. C. last year will be allowed to represent himself in his federal   trial, a judge said Monday.
GO Krauthammer on Trump’s trip to Mexico: ’He took a risk, and he pulled it off’.
GO   Syndicated columnist and Fox News contributor Charles Krauthammer said Wednesday on “Special Report with Bret Baier” that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s impromptu trip to Mexico to meet with that country’s president paid off, and could be a boon for his campaign.
GO State Department to release all Clinton schedules before election.
GO   The State Department agreed Thursday to turn over all the planning schedules from Hillary Clinton’s time serving as secretary of state to The Associated Press by   in an abrupt reversal from U. S. government lawyers’ warning last week that hundreds of pages would not be released until after the presidential election.
GO Return to Sender: Hacker who exposed Clinton email sentenced; Romania wants him back .
GO   The Romanian hacker who first exposed Hillary Clinton’s use of personal email for government business was sentenced by a federal judge Thursday to 52 months in prison    and in a surprising development, Romanian authorities now want the    “Guccifer,” who continues to cooperate with U. S. investigators, sent home ”right away.” The hacker, whose real name is Marcel Lehel Lazar, breached the AOL account of longtime Clinton confidant Sidney Blumenthal in 2013, and posted online the Clintonemail.
GO FBI files show agents focused Clinton interview questions on ’top secret’ emails.
GO   The   FBI summary released Friday of Hillary Clinton’s July 2 interview in the criminal email investigation shows bureau agents focused their questions to her on the 22 “Top Secret” emails considered too damaging to national security to make public.
GO 2 correctional officers shot in lobby of California county jail, suspect in custody.
GO Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims told reporters that the suspect,    Thong Vang of Fresno, shot at correctional officers Juanita Davila and Toamalama Scanlan around 8:30 a. m. local time after he entered the jail’s lobby, made his way to the front of the line and stated that he wanted to see someone at the jail.
GO Obama’s meeting with Philippines leader cancelled after his tasteless remark about president.
GO   The White House has cancelled a scheduled meeting Monday between President Obama and Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, after the controversial leader warned Obama not to raise   issues and called him a “son of a whore.
GO Calif. university latest to establish ’black-only’ housing.
GO   A California university is the latest public school of higher education to establish “ ”   housing in response to demands from   students seeking refuge from what they consider insensitive remarks and “microaggressions” from their white classmates.
GO Buzz about a ’bud’: Clinton camp denies claims she wore earpiece at forum.
GO The website True Pundit quoted unnamed New York police sources saying Clinton was wearing an “inductive earpiece” during the NBC forum hosted by Matt Lauer.
GO Rogan: Trump and Clinton have ’a lot to be disappointed about’ after security forum.
GO   National Review columnist Tom Rogan told ”Special Report with Bret Baier” Thursday that both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton should be ”disappointed” with their performances during Wednesday’s televised national security forum.
GO Texas motorist climbs out of dangling SUV to safety on video.
GO   A    man was helped to safety from his dangling SUV high above a downtown street in the Texas capital in a harrowing experience caught on video.
GO Clinton health ’episode’ could revive calls to release medical records.
GO   Hillary Clinton’s abrupt departure Sunday from a   ceremony in New York City due to what one source described as a “medical episode” could revive calls for the Democratic presidential nominee to release detailed health records.
GO Clinton, Trump off campaign trail for 9/11; new poll shows Clinton ahead 10 points.
GO   Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were off the presidential campaign trail Sunday, the 15th anniversary of the   attack, but they attended the same memorial service at the World Trade Center complex in New York.
GO School District: Betsy Ross flag is symbol of hate.
GO   A Michigan school district called the historic “Betsy Ross” flag a symbol of hate and profusely apologized after students displayed the flag at a recent high school football game.
GO West Point general says football prayer crossed the line.
GO   The top general at the U. S. Military Academy said Army’s head football coach “crossed the line” with a   locker room prayer and admitted that critics had “valid concerns” about Constitutional violations.
GO CNN’s Amanpour suggests Clinton health coverage sexist.
GO CNN host Christiane Amanpour suggested on air Monday that the heavy coverage of the Democratic nominee’s health is simply sexist.
GO Three NYPD officers injured in confrontation with man wielding meat cleaver.
GO   A man wielding an   meat cleaver gashed an   NYPD detective Thursday evening before he was shot by other officers following a foot chase through midtown Manhattan.
GO Does this picture show the Loch Ness Monster?.
GO   A picture snapped by an amateur photographer in Scotland has created a huge splash because it appears to show the fabled Loch Ness Monster.
GO Police: Man with a knife fatally shot by Owensboro officers.
GO   Kentucky State Police are investigating the shooting death of a   man by two officers in Owensboro.
GO Dallas cop files lawsuit against Black Lives Matter, Obama.
GO   A Dallas Police sergeant filed a lawsuit on Friday against Black Lives Matter and its supporters, alleging the group is inciting a race war.
GO Kasich won’t be ‘bullied’ by RNC threat to nix White House bids over Trump snub, aide says.
GO   An aide for John Kasich said Monday the former 2016 GOP presidential candidate won’t be “bullied” by a Republican National Committee hint that failing to back Donald Trump will jeopardize another White House bid.
GO Can a voting machine be hacked?.
GO ”If you replace the computer program in a voting machine, then it will add up the votes in a different way,” said Princeton University Professor Andrew Appel.
GO Judge: District does not have to rehire praying coach.
GO U. S. District Judge Ronald Leighton declined to issue a preliminary injunction that would have forced the Bremerton School District in Washington State to rehire Coach Joe while his case is litigated.
GO Tulsa officer charged with manslaughter in shooting of African-American man.
GO   A female Tulsa police officer was charged with   manslaughter Thursday in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man.
GO As first debate nears, Clinton taps former aide Reines to play Trump.
GO   Philippe Reines, a   Hillary Clinton aide, is playing the role of Donald Trump in preparation for Monday night’s first 2016 presidential debate, Fox News confirmed Saturday.
GO US/Israel bond will endure whoever wins election, says Ehud Barak.
GO   Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak is confident that the close bonds between Israel and the U. S. will continue regardless of who wins November’s presidential election.
GO FBI: Violent crime across US spiked in 2015, murders up nearly 11 percent.
GO   Violent crime across the U. S. jumped in 2015 after two years of declines, the FBI announced Monday, adding that the number of murders reported by local law enforcement agencies was up 10.
GO Mall shooting suspect had blog with picture of ISIS leader.
GO   The Turkish immigrant accused of gunning down five people at a Washington mall smirked at his first court appearance Monday even as reports revealed he had a blog with photo posts of ISIS leader Abu Bakr   and Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei.
GO Colorado mother arrested after disabled son, 27, dies of malnourishment.
GO   A Colorado woman has been arrested in the death of her    disabled son, who investigators say was undernourished and weighed about 90 pounds when he died.
GO Christian school goes to court to defend a 30-second pregame prayer.
GO   Last December the Florida High School Athletic Association (FHSAA) refused to allow a private Christian school to deliver a pregame prayer over a loudspeaker before a championship football game.
GO Dem lawmaker wears Hillary pin during House hearing on Clinton email probe.
GO Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee,   raised eyebrows Wednesday when she showed up wearing a gold Hillary Clinton campaign pin to a House Judiciary Committee hearing dealing with the FBI probe regarding Clinton’s private email server.
GO Hey, how about a "Pantsuit Tee"? Hillary offers clothing for the emasculated man.
GO Hillary Clinton wants to outfit men in something called the ”Everyday Pantsuit Tee.” I’m sure it’ll be all the rage among the skinny jeans and soy latte crowd.
GO Trump: Presidential campaign could be good for his hotels.
GO   Donald Trump suggests in a videotaped deposition released Friday that his presidential campaign could boost business at his hotels and increase the value of his personal brand.
GO Open Carry in Effect for Texans.
GO Texans with a “Concealed Handgun License” or the new “License to Carry” can openly carry a handgun in accordance with the new law that went into effect at midnight on Friday.
GO 2016 Poll: Donald Trump Leads Hillary Clinton by Seven Points - Breitbart.
GO Rasmussen national poll has Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton by seven points, with a greater share of support from both his Republican base and Democrat crossovers.
GO Obama: I Will Consider It a ’Personal Insult’ to My ’Legacy’ If You Don’t Vote For Hillary - Breitbart.
GO Saturday night at the 46th Annual Legislative Conference Phoenix Awards Dinner of the Congressional Black Caucus, President Barack Obama told the audience it would be a “personal insult” to his legacy if they did not vote for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
GO Scott Baio ’Attacked’ by Red Hot Chili Pepper’s Wife Over Trump.
GO Actor Scott Baio says he was physically attacked by Nancy Mack, wife of Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Chad Smith, over his support for Donald Trump.
GO Cruz: ’I Am in for the Distance’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday in Osceola, IN, Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said he is going to stay in the Republican presidential primary race “for the distance.
GO EXCLUSIVE - Lucianne Goldberg: ‘This Is Going To Be A Highly Sexed Campaign… I Believed Every One Of These Women’ - Breitbart.
GO Lucianne Goldberg, one of the pivotal figures in the Monica Lewinsky affair that rocked Bill Clinton’s second term in office, predicts this presidential election season will be a “highly sexed” campaign due to the reemergence of Clinton’s sex accusers.
GO MMA Fighter to Donate Son’s Organs After Drunk Driver Kills Baby.
GO MMA fighter Marcus Kowal has decided to donate his son’s organs after the    child was struck and killed in a    by an allegedly drunk driver on Saturday.
GO Bono: ’Dangerous’ Trump Is ’Worst Idea That Ever Happened To America’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on “CBS This Morning,” U2 lead singer Bono said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was “dangerous,” and “potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America.
GO L.A. Times Stunned by Diversity of Volunteers at Trump H.Q..
GO The Los Angeles Times paid a visit to Donald Trump’s Southern California headquarters in Long Beach on Monday and was stunned by the diversity of volunteers who are committed to seeing him win the Golden State and the presidency.
GO Anti-Trump Protester April Foster Charged with Hitting Police Horse in Kansas City - Breitbart.
GO April Foster, a woman protesting outside a Donald Trump rally last weekend in Kansas City, was arrested on charges of striking a police horse.
GO Frank Gaffney: Our Government Living ‘Under Sharia’ Regimen.
GO Founder and President of the Center for Security Policy Frank Gaffney told Breitbart News Sunday’s Stephen K. Bannon that the U. S. government refuses to acknowledge the jihad threat facing America because it is “living under sharia” law.
GO ’West Wing’ Cast to Campaign for Hillary Clinton.
GO Cast members from the TV show The West Wing plan to campaign for Hillary Clinton in Ohio this weekend, while the Democratic nominee prepares for her first debate performance.
GO Hillary Clinton: I’m Putting Bill Back In Charge If I’m Elected - Breitbart.
GO If former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is elected president, she says she plans to put her husband in one of the biggest roles of her presidency.
GO Sheriff: Naked Man Enters Home for Sex Assault, Stopped by Armed Husband - Breitbart.
GO A naked man entered a home and climbed on top of a woman in the bedroom before her husband pulled a gun and stopped the sexual assault.
GO Hurricane Matthew Could Leave Up to 7 Million Without Power.
GO Hurricane Matthew could leave up to seven million people located between Miami and the Carolinas without power, according to the latest power outage forecasts from researchers at the University of Michigan, Ohio State University, and Texas AM University.
GO Exclusive - Secret Service Officer Gary Byrne Calls for Media to Drop Hillary Clinton Pushed Blackout as He Tops NYT Bestseller List Without Them - Breitbart.
GO Retired Secret Service officer Gary Byrne’s explosive   on Hillary Rodham Clinton and former President Bill Clinton from his days inside the White House has topped the New York Times bestseller list for the end of June, despite a   media blackout.
GO Carly Fiorina on Common Core ‘It’s All Crony Capitalism Folks’ - Breitbart.
GO During a town hall event Wednesday in Oskaloosa, Iowa, GOP 2016 contender Carly Fiorina said Republicans have been involved in creating education programs such as Common Core, No Child Left Behind, and Race to the Top that, ultimately, amount to “crony capitalism.
GO Watch: Hillary Won’t Say She Disagrees With Albright’s ’Special Place In Hell’ Remark - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton refused to say she disagreed with former Secretary of State Madeline Albright’s declaration that women who don’t support other women have a “special place in hell” during Thursday’s “PBS NewsHour” Democratic presidential debate.
GO Trump in Oklahoma: ’I Promise We Will Start Winning Again’.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump greeted over 7, 000 supporters in Oklahoma and asked them to get out and vote on Tuesday saying, “I promise we will start winning again.
GO Rand Paul: ’Unrealistic,’ Unfair to Expect Trump to Sell All of His Businesses - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said it is “unrealistic” to expect   Donald Trump to sell off all of his business interests.
GO David Brooks: Trump Will ‘Resign or Be Impeached within a Year’.
GO In his Friday column, New York Times columnist David Brooks speculates about a new political dichotomy and writes that   Donald Trump will “resign or be impeached within a year.
GO Majority of Swedes Would Want to Follow Britain Out of the EU.
GO If the British people vote to leave the European Union in June, the majority of Swedes would wish to follow suit, a new poll has found.
GO Newt: GOP Establishment Will Get Behind Trump If He Is the Nominee - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday’s broadcast of “On the Record” on the Fox News Channel, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich likened Republican presidential   Donald Trump to Andrew Jackson and predicted the   Republican establishment would get behind Trump should he be the eventual nominee.
GO Glenn Beck, Samantha Bee Team Up to Fight ’Trumpism’.
GO Talk radio host Glenn Beck and   late night host Samantha Bee are ramping up their efforts to provide “nonpartisan” pushback against the incoming Donald Trump administration.
GO Bernie Sanders to Do ’SNL’ with Larry David Hosting.
GO Democrat presidential contender Bernie Sanders will appear on Saturday Night Live this weekend alongside host Larry David, who has done an uncanny impersonation of the Vermont senator on the same program a few times this season.
GO Jack Hanna Agrees ’1000 percent’ With Zoo’s Decision to Kill Gorilla - Breitbart.
GO Monday on “CBS This Morning,” while discussing the Cincinnati Zoo’s decision to kill a gorilla to save a    boy who got into the gorillas enclosure, the Director Emeritus of the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium Jack Hanna said he agrees “1000 percent” with the decision to kill the animal.
GO Trump: I’m Not Taking a Wrecking Ball to Obama’s Legacy, I’m Doing What’s Right - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of on “Fox News Sunday,”   Donald Trump said he was not planing to take a “wrecking ball” to President Barack Obama’s legacy but instead he will attempt to do “what’s right.
GO 5 Things We Learned from Megyn Kelly’s Variety Interview.
GO Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly appears on the cover of this month’s Variety for the entertainment trade’s annual “Power of Women” issue, which honors the philanthropic work of prominent female figures in media and entertainment.
GO Kamala Harris to Replace Scalia on Supreme Court? - Breitbart.
GO California Attorney General Kamala Harris may be on Barack Obama’s list of nominees to fill the Supreme Court vacancy left by Antonin Scalia’s death.
GO Exit Polls: 6 of 10 Republicans in Michigan Want Muslim Ban - Breitbart.
GO Michigan has one of the largest Muslim populations of any state, yet 6 out of 10 Republicans in the state favored a temporary ban on Muslim visitors to the United States, according to early exit poll results from CNN.
GO Trump: Senate Must ’Delay, Delay, Delay’ Scalia Replacement - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential frontrunner Donald J. Trump said during the GOP Debate in South Carolina on Saturday night that in the wake of the sudden death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, the Senate should “delay, delay, delay” and prevent President Barack Obama from appointing someone to fill the vacancy.
GO Steve King: Marco Rubio Continues to Embrace Gang of Eight Bill in Its Entirety - Breitbart.
GO In a Sunday evening interview on Breitbart News Daily, influential Iowa Congressman Steve King slammed   favorite Marco Rubio for continuing to embrace the policies outlined in his   2013 Gang of Eight bill.
GO Study: 43 of the Most Dangerous Cities in the World Are in Latin America - Breitbart.
GO Out of the 50 most dangerous cities in the world, an incredible 43 of them are located in Central or South America, according to a study released by Mexico’s Citizens’ Council for Public Security and Criminal Justice.
GO Nick Cannon Leads Black Lives Matter Rally at Republican National Convention - Breitbart.
GO Actor and rapper Nick Cannon led a Black Lives Matter protest outside of the Republican National Convention Monday, promising not to vote and declaring that black people don’t feel safe because cops are “policing our communities.
GO David Webb to Moderate ‘Security in Today’s World’ Panel - Breitbart.
GO SiriusXM host David Webb spoke with Breitbart News Daily about a panel he will be moderating this Sunday, August 21, from 3:00 PM to 5:00 PM (EDT) in Hallandale Beach, Florida, on “Security in Today’s World.
GO Jane Goodall: ‘The Gorilla Was Putting an Arm Round the Child’ - Breitbart.
GO Renowned primatologist Jane Goodall believes Harambe, the   gorilla who was shot to protect a    boy who fell into the animal’s enclosure, was actually “putting an arm round the child.
GO MSNBC’s Hunt: Sanders and Clinton No Longer Maintaining ’Facade’ of Civility - Breitbart.
GO MSNBC Political Correspondent Kasie Hunt stated that Democratic presidential candidates former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) are “extraordinarily frustrated” with each other and are no longer maintaining a “facade of sort of civility” on Thursday’s “Place for Politics” on MSNBC.
GO Olympics: Media Blame Trump if Los Angeles Loses 2024 Bid.
GO Democrats and the media have already begun to blame Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for the possibility that Los Angeles will lose its bid to host the Olympics in 2024.
GO NYPD Counterterrorism Chief: ’Not Realistic’ to Catch All Terrorists Like Rahami.
GO NYPD Deputy Commissioner for Intelligence and Counterterrorism John Miller said Wednesday he did not believe it was possible for authorities to have caught terrorist Ahmad Khan Rahami, despite his father reporting him to the FBI in 2014, because insufficient evidence existed against him.
GO Beck: Hillary Like Evita, Trump Like Mussolini - There Will Be ’Revolution in the Streets’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on the The Blaze Network’s “Tomi,” Glenn Beck compared Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to Argentina’s Eva Perón and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to Italy’s Benito Mussolini, claiming if either gets elected there will be “horrible times of revolution in the streets.
GO Spicer: DNC Did Not Protect Their Systems From Russian Hacking - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on CNN’s “Wolf,” incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer said the media should question why the Democratic National Committee did not do their “due diligence” to “protect their own systems” from Russian hacking.
GO Shepard Smith: Former NY Senator D’Amato Told Me RNC Will Change Rules to Give Kasich a Shot - Breitbart.
GO On his Fox News program last night, Shepard Smith revealed a conversation he said he had with former New York Senator Alfonse D’Amato in which D’Amato was quoted as saying that the Republican National Committee will change the rules to give Gov.
GO Terry McAuliffe Stands Against Everytown for Gun Safety: Restores Concealed Carry Reciprocity - Breitbart.
GO On February 26, Governor Terry McAuliffe (D) turned his back to   Everytown for Gun Safety and signed legislation restoring Virginia concealed carry reciprocity with 25 states.
GO ’No Trump Anytime’ Street Parking Signs Posted in L.A. - Breitbart.
GO A Los Angeles based street artist is posting “No Trump Anytime” parking signs ahead of the California primary, in L. A. and in a handful of other major U. S. cities.
GO Immigration Activists Deliver Taco Bowls to GOP Lawmakers Supporting Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO As presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump met with GOP leaders on Capitol Hill, immigration activists who oppose Trump delivered taco bowls to lawmakers who support the billionaire.
GO Reagan’s Daughter Patti Davis Challenges Will Ferrell to Explain How Alzheimer’s Is Funny - Breitbart.
GO Patti Davis, daughter of late President Ronald Reagan and Nancy Reagan, penned a moving open letter to actor Will Ferrell on Thursday criticizing his involvement in an upcoming comedic film that will satirize President Reagan’s tragic battle with Alzheimer’s disease.
GO NY Judge To Hear Case On Cruz Eligibility - Breitbart.
GO A New York Judge will hear arguments Tuesday on a lawsuit challenging Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz’s eligibility for president.
GO Ex-Times-Of-London Editor: ’The Scariest Thing About Brussels Is Our Reaction To It.’.
GO “The scariest thing about Brussels is our reaction to it,” says respected British journalist and commentator and former editor of the (London) Times, Simon Jenkins.
GO Elon Musk: Humanity ’Probably’ Living in a Matrix-Style Computer Simulation - Breitbart.
GO Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk claimed that there is only a “one in billions” chance we are not living in a   computer simulation at Recode’s annual Code Conference this week.
GO Facebook: ’We Need to Do Better’ After Cleveland Shooting Video Was Up for Hours - Breitbart.
GO Facebook admitted in a statement that they “need to do better,” after a violent video of the Easter Sunday Cleveland shooting remained on the platform for hours without removal.
GO McConnell Insider Says Majority Leader Would Back Garland for FBI Director.
GO Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s ( ) former chief of staff, Josh Holmes, said on Sunday he believes his former boss would support the nomination of federal judge Merrick Garland as FBI director.
GO ABC10 Photographer Attacked With Hot Coffee Outside MILO UC Davis Event - Breitbart.
GO A photographer for ABC was attacked with hot coffee while they were reporting on the cancelled event with MILO and Martin Shkreli at UC Davis.
GO Coptic Victim of Attack on Egypt Christians Renovated Mosque for Free Before His Death.
GO Among those killed last Friday in an attack on Coptic Christians that resulted in 30 deaths was    Atef Mounir Zaki, who had recently renovated a local mosque for free.
GO Joy Villa Designer at Grammys: ’We Have to Support Our President’.
GO Singer Joy Villa donned a dress with the “Make America Great Again” slogan at the Grammys Sunday night, thanks to the help of one San Diego fashion designer.
GO Trump: It Is ’Possible’ FBI Director Position Will Be Filled by Friday - Breitbart.
GO President Trump hinted that it is “possible” that the FBI’s top post will be filled by Friday, according to a White House press pool report released Saturday.
GO Robert Creamer Sues James O’Keefe, Project Veritas over 2016 Sting - Breitbart.
GO Robert Creamer and his Democracy Partners consulting group sued conservative filmmaker James O’Keefe and his Project Veritas on Thursday in the District of Columbia for $1 million.
GO Chuck Todd to BuzzFeed EIC: ’You Just Published Fake News’ - Breitbart.
GO During a discussion of BuzzFeed’s story on a dossier regarding Russia and   Donald Trump on Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “MTP Daily,” host Chuck Todd told BuzzFeed    Ben Smith “you just published fake news.
GO Former Secret Service Officer: Madonna’s Bomb the White House Speech Could Motivate Others to Act.
GO Gary Byrne, former Secret Service officer and author of Crisis of Character: A White House Secret Service Officer Discloses His Firsthand Experience with Hillary, Bill, and How They Operate, spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow about reports that the Secret Service will investigate Madonna for her “blowing up the White House” comment.
GO North Korea to Tillerson: We Are Ready for ’Any War the U.S. Would Like’.
GO North Korea’s foreign ministry warned Monday that its government is prepared to go to war with the United States, following remarks from Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in which he said the Trump administration was prepared for a military engagement with the communist dictatorship should they strike U. S. allies.
GO Polls: Ryancare Even More Unpopular Than Obamacare and Hillarycare - Breitbart.
GO Multiple polls show that the GOP’s Ryancare healthcare plan is even more unpopular than the perpetually unpopular Obamacare plan or the Democrats’ 1993 “Hillarycare” plan, says FiveThirtyEight.
GO Mike Pence: ‘We Need Every Republican in Congress,’ Every American for Healthcare ‘Battle’.
GO Vice President Mike Pence took the argument for the House Republican Leadership’s “American Health Care Act” to Americans on a warehouse floor in Kentucky on Saturday morning, admitting that there would be a “battle” in Washington, D. C. over the bill and that they “need every Republican in Congress” to get it passed.
GO Trump Picks Supreme Court Nominee Will Announce on Live TV.
GO President Donald Trump announced that he has made his Supreme Court nominee choice, promising to announce it live from the White House on Tuesday.
GO Gay Journalist who Came Out as Conservative Shouted Down at Portland State University - Breitbart.
GO Journalist Chadwick Moore, who recently came out as conservative in a column for the New York Post, was shouted down by students during a recent event at Portland State University.
GO Vanity Fair: No, Gal Gadot Isn’t Making 46 Times Less Than Henry Cavill.
GO Vanity Fair has   the recent viral outrage over Wonder Woman star Gal Gadot supposedly being paid 46 times less than Man of Steel star Henry Cavill for their work on similar films.
GO Report: JEB! Bush Takes Pass on Buying Marlins.
GO Former Florida Governor and   candidate for president Jeb Bush has reportedly taken a pass on buying the Miami Marlin baseball team, according to reports.
GO Hillary: I’m ’Part of the Resistance’ - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton: “I’m now back to being an activist citizen, and part of the resistance.
GO Lewandowski: Perez ‘Doesn’t Understand What’s Going on in America’ - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” while discussing the newly elected Democratic National Committee chairman and former Obama Labor secretary Tom Perez, former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said Perez did not “understand what’s going on in America.
GO Feminists Sue University for Failing to Protect Them from Mean Internet Comments - Breitbart.
GO A feminist student group at the University of Mary Washington has filed a Title IX lawsuit against the institution for failing to protect them from mean comments on the internet.
GO Sex Attacks At Swedish Festivals Have Risen 1000 Percent.
GO A new report has revealed that sex attacks at Swedish festivals have increased as much as 1000 percent in 2016, a trend which does not appear to be changing.
GO Moms Demand Action Founder: Trump is ’NRA’s Dream’ but America’s Nightmare - Breitbart.
GO Moms Demand Action founder Shannon Watts suggested President Donald Trump’s   administration is the ‘NRA’s Dream’ but America’s nightmare Sunday, during an appearance MSNBC.
GO Strict Gun Control Impotent as Terrorist Opens Fire in Quebec.
GO Canada’s strict gun control, including license requirements for gun ownership and complete bans on certain categories of firearms, proved impotent as a terrorist opened fire inside a Quebec mosque Sunday night.
GO CPAC Straw Poll Finds Overwhelming Support for Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO A straw poll conducted by The Washington Times at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) found overwhelming support for Donald Trump and his administration’s agenda amongst attendees.
GO #MyUnintendedJoy: Americans Show Why They Choose Life Over Abortion - Breitbart.
GO The hashtag #MyUnintendedJoy is trending on Twitter prior to Friday’s March for Life, as women faced with unplanned or complicated pregnancies are Tweeting their stories showing why they chose life over abortion.
GO Hillary Clinton Again Blames ’Misogyny’ for Election Defeat - Breitbart.
GO Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has once again blamed her widespread unpopularity on misogyny, telling a summit this week that it “certainly played a role” in her election defeat to Donald Trump last November.
GO MILO: ’America Has a Problem With Fake Hate Crimes’ - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO declared that “America has a problem with fake hate crimes,” during his talk at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs tonight, citing numerous news stories that turned out to be false.
GO Chelsea Clinton to Receive ’Lifetime Impact Award’ from Variety Magazine.
GO Chelsea Clinton will receive a “Lifetime Impact Award” as one of Variety magazine’s Lifetime Impact Honorees for humanitarian work.
GO Nintendo Switch Won’t Support Video Streaming Apps at Launch - Breitbart.
GO A few more details have dribbled out about the launch of the Nintendo Switch, notably that it won’t support Netflix, Hulu, or any similar video streaming services when it launches.
GO TV Anchors Arrive at the White House for Lunch with Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO News anchors arrived at the White House Thursday afternoon for a private lunch with President Trump after a week of negative news reports and before he heads on his first overseas trip, a   visit to the Middle East and Europe.
GO Cuban on Trump: ’I Don’t Think He Lasts Four Years’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday in New York City, owner of the Dallas Mavericks Mark Cuban told TMZ he didn’t think President Donald Trump would last four years.
GO Michael Moore: ’Only Hope’ to Avoid Nuclear War Is for Pentagon to Avoid Putting Real Codes In Nuclear Football - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “All In,” filmmaker Michael Moore argued that the “only hope” to avoid nuclear war is “please, Pentagon, if you’re watching, the football, the nuclear football that his aide carries around in that briefcase with the nuclear codes, I’m guessing they don’t actually have the real codes in there.
GO DNC Chair Perez: We Can’t Compete With GOP in Fundraising Post-Citizens United, That’s Why It Needs to be Overturned - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s edition of MSNBC’s “MTP Daily,” DNC Chairman Tom Perez argued that   United, the Democrats won’t be able to match the Republicans in fundraising, and “That’s why we need to overturn Citizens United, all the dark money that goes there and elsewhere.
GO VIDEO: Fight Breaks Out on Southwest Airlines as It Lands at Burbank Airport.
GO A fistfight broke out among several passengers on a Southwest Airlines flight from Dallas to Burbank on Sunday as it was taxiing to the gate at Bob Hope Airport in Burbank, the Los Angeles Times reported.
GO FLASHBACK - Reports: Obama’s 2008 Campaign Reps Talked with Iran, Hamas.
GO Amid the controversy surrounding White House National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s alleged conversations with Russia, it may be instrumental to recall that representatives for Barack Obama’s 2008 presidential campaign were accused of meeting with Hamas and Iran.
GO Bolton: Obama ’Vindictive’ for Abstaining From UN Vote on Israeli Settlements - Breitbart.
GO During Sunday’s New York AM 970 “The Cats Roundtable” radio broadcast, former United Nations ambassador John Bolton called President Barack Obama “vindictive” for abstaining in a Security Council vote condemning Israeli settlements, and accused the president of trying to box in his successor, Donald Trump.
GO Pope Francis: Europe Is in Danger of ‘Falling Apart’ - Breitbart.
GO Every nation is free to vote for the political leaders it wants, said Pope Francis Saturday, while Europe itself is in danger of “falling apart.
GO Japan’s Prime Minister Calls for ‘Free and Fair’ Trade During Trump Visit.
GO Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe called for “free and fair” trade deals in Asia, echoing Donald Trump’s promise to America when he campaigned against the   Partnership (TPP).
GO Report: AI Predicts When Patients Will Die from Heart Failure - Breitbart.
GO British scientists have created an artificial intelligence program that can allegedly predict when a patient with heart problems will die.
GO Swedish Professor: ’Anyone With Eyes’ Can See Migrants ’Fiercely Overrepresented’ in Criminal Cases.
GO Criminology Professor Leif GW Persson appeared on a Swedish television programme and backed up claims by   police officer Peter Springare that migrants are vastly overrepresented in criminal cases.
GO Watch: First Trailer for Al Gore’s ’An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power’.
GO Al Gore is back again to warn about the dangers of climate change in the first trailer for An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power, the   to his   2006 documentary An Inconvenient Truth.
GO Marco Rubio Cracks: Announces He Plans to Vote for Rex Tillerson’s Confirmation - Breitbart.
GO Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio announced Monday he will vote to confirm former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State, providing Tillerson with a critical vote to get him through the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
GO Chris Pratt Apologizes to Deaf People for Saying ’Turn Up the Volume’ During Video - Breitbart.
GO Hollywood actor and Guardians of the Galaxy star Chris Pratt apologized in sign language to deaf people last week after he said “turn up the volume” during a video.
GO Bill Maher to MILO: ’You Remind Me of a Young, Gay, Alive Christopher Hitchens’ - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Senior Editor MILO appeared on “Real Time With Bill Maher” tonight, as well as the show’s online segment, “Overtime,” where he compared The Dangerous Faggot to the late, renowned columnist and author Christopher Hitchens.
GO Michael Brown’s Father on Ferguson Riots: ’They Asked for It’.
GO The father of Michael Brown accused the City of Ferguson of “asking for” the riots that plagued the city following his son’s death.
GO Trump Top Adviser Steve Bannon Attends NSC Meeting One Day After Being ‘Removed’.
GO One day after what was demonstrably one of the   stories by the media focused on the “removal” of Steve Bannon, President Trump’s top adviser, from the National Security Council (NSC) he attended a council meeting, the Washington Examiner reported on Thursday.
GO Ted Koppel to Sean Hannity: You Are ’Bad for America’ - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of CBS’s “Sunday Morning” during a segment about the polarized media landscape in America, an exchange by CBS contributor Ted Koppel and Fox News Channel host Sean Hannity was featured that Koppel said Hannity was “bad for America.
GO PHOTOS: President Trump Welcome Ceremony At Tel Aviv Airport.
GO President Donald Trump was welcomed to Israel on Monday with at a red carpet ceremony at Ben Gurion International Airport near Tel Aviv featuring a large delegation that included Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife Sarah as well as Netanyahu’s cabinet and Knesset Members.
GO Report: FBI’s Facial Recognition Database Is ’Out of Control’ - Breitbart.
GO The facial recognition database used by the FBI is “out of control,” according to a new report by The Guardian.
GO Watch: Hillary Clinton Can’t Stop Coughing During Commencement Speech - Breitbart.
GO Friday during her commencement speech at Wellesley College, former Democratic former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton had a coughing fit as she struggled to speak for several minutes.
GO WaPo’s Jennifer Rubin: Dems Will Take the House in 2018 and Then Push to Impeach Trump - Breitbart.
GO Saturday, The Washington Post’s Jennifer Rubin predicted on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” that the Democrats will take control of the House in the 2018 midterm elections and then move to impeach President Donald Trump.
GO Cincinnati Mayor: We Are Now a Sanctuary City.
GO The mayor of Cincinnati has declared his municipality to be a sanctuary city, which will now protect illegal aliens from federal immigration officers.
GO Netanyahu’s Office Denies Report It Was Informed Trump Would Not Move U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem.
GO The Jerusalem Post reports: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s Office denied on Wednesday reports that it had received notice that US President Donald Trump has decided not to move the American Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
GO Privacy Group Sues NYPD over Freedom of Information Request on Facial Recognition Program - Breitbart.
GO The New York Police Department (NYPD) is being sued by a privacy group for failing to disclose information about a “secretive” facial recognition program.
GO Donald Trump: Chuck Schumer ’Leading Democrats to Doom’ - Breitbart.
GO During his speech in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Donald Trump attacked Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) describing him as a “bad leader” who is “leading the Democrats to doom.
GO Schumer: Sessions Should Be Investigated - He ’Seems To Be Violating’ His Recusal - Breitbart.
GO On Sunday’s broadcast of on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said Attorney General Jeff Sessions seemed to be violating his recusal over Russian interference during the 2016 presidential election by participating in the firing and replacement of FBI Director James Comey.
GO Watch: Chris Wallace Has Heated Exchange With Trump Attorney Jay Sekulow - ’Oh Boy, This Is Weird’ - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” host Chris Wallace had a heated exchange with Jay Sekulow, who is member of President Donald Trump’s legal team.
GO Report: Hillary Clinton Pressured to Run for New York City Mayor.
GO Hillary Clinton is reportedly being pressured to run for mayor of New York City, according to several recent news reports.
GO Mexican Boxer Fighting for Both a Title and His Green Card - Breitbart.
GO Boxer Ray Beltran, a Mexican national, is fighting for more than just an International Boxing Federation World title, he is also battling the U. S. Immigration Service to have his immigration status approved, and his green card issued.
GO Report: Susan Rice Ordered ’Spreadsheets’ of Trump Campaign Calls - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama’s National Security Advisor, Susan Rice, allegedly ordered surveillance of Donald Trump’s campaign aides during the last election, and maintained spreadsheets of their telephone calls, the Daily Caller reports.
GO Chairman Devin Nunes: ‘Cannot’ Rule Out Senior Obama Officials in Intelligence Leaks - Breitbart.
GO House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes did not rule out Senior Obama administration officials being involved in “incidental” communications of President Donald Trump’s transition team that were “widely disseminated.
GO John Podesta: ’I See No Sign’ Donald Trump Will Be Impeached - Breitbart.
GO In a    interview with the Washington Post’s Daily 2020 Live on Tuesday, Hillary Clinton’s former campaign chief John Podesta said he does not see any indication that President Donald Trump will be impeached, despite the fact that so many in his party are calling for it.
GO UC Berkeley Investigates Alleged Employee Who Assaulted MILO Fan During Riot - Breitbart.
GO UC Berkeley are investigating Ian Dabney Miller, who is allegedly an employee at the university, after he was caught bragging about and celebrating the assault of a MILO fan during the Breitbart senior editor’s event on Wednesday.
GO REPORT: Leakers Found Inside White House, Trump Will Be Firing - Breitbart.
GO Trey Yingst, chief White House correspondent for the One America News Network, is reporting Monday that three sources of the leaks liberally flowing from President Donald Trump’s White House have been found.
GO Russian helicopter shot down in Syria, all 5 onboard dead.
GO The   helicopter was shot down in Idlib province while returning to the Russian air base on Syria’s coast after delivering humanitarian goods to the city of Aleppo, the Defense Ministry said in a statement.
GO Trump won’t endorse Ryan, McCain in primaries; criticizes Ayotte.
GO   Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump drove a wedge between himself and top congressional Republicans Tuesday, refusing to endorse House Speaker Paul Ryan and Arizona Sen. John McCain in upcoming primaries and harshly criticizing New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte.
GO Tennessee man who hired caregiver on Craigslist disappears.
GO   Authorities in Tennessee say a man who hired a woman as his caregiver on Craigslist is now missing.
GO Report: Hillary Clinton would hike taxes by $1.3 trillion.
GO The American Action Forum, a   policy institute, released a report Thursday finding Clinton’s domestic agenda would “have a dramatic effect on the federal budget.
GO Antonio Sabato Jr. says he was blacklisted by Hollywood directors after supporting Donald Trump.
GO   Actor Antonio Sabato Jr. claims he has been blacklisted by Hollywood directors thanks to his speech at the Republican National Convention in July.
GO UFO over St. Louis? Strange light over Gateway Arch sparks debate.
GO   A strange light that hovered over the St. Louis Gateway Arch this week is sparking plenty of debate on the internet.
GO Parents of 2 Benghazi victims sue Hillary Clinton for wrongful death, defamation.
GO   The parents of two of the four Americans who died in the Benghazi attack in 2012 filed a lawsuit Monday against Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, alleging her ”reckless handling” of classified information contributed to their deaths.
GO Former Philippine President Fidel Ramos talks China ties.
GO   Former Philippine President Fidel Ramos says he wants to focus on points of common interest with China such as tourism and commercial fishing as part of efforts to smooth relations with Beijing roiled by the South China Sea dispute.
GO China’s air force flies combat patrol over disputed islands.
GO   China’s air force said Saturday that it has conducted a combat air patrol over disputed areas of the South China Sea to improve its fighting ability.
GO Trump, Clinton tentatively agree to three scheduled TV debates.
GO   Donald Trump on Tuesday tentatively agreed to three scheduled TV debates with Democratic presidential rival Hillary Clinton, despite his displeasure over two being held opposite primetime NFL games.
GO ’My friends might be dead’ - 911 tapes of shooting released.
GO   Young people attending a house party in Washington state where a gunman opened fire last month frantically told a dispatcher that their friends were bleeding to death, according to newly released tapes of the calls.
GO NYC woman found dead in Massachusetts may have been set on fire, sexually assaulted.
GO   A New York City woman found dead in Massachusetts on Sunday had burns to her head and feet, and police are investigating if she was sexually assaulted and then set on fire, FOX 25 reported Tuesday, citing sources.
GO Out of sorts, Serena Williams upset at Olympics by Svitolina.
GO   Out of sorts and out of answers, defending champion Serena Williams is out of the Rio de Janeiro Olympics.
GO Police capture man climbing Trump Tower in New York City using suction cups.
GO   A man who wanted an ”audience” with Donald Trump attempted to scale the   facade of Trump Tower in New York City on Wednesday using large suction cups, prompting a large police response before he was finally pulled inside by authorities.
GO Kenyan official sent home from Olympics after giving urine sample in runner’s name.
GO    A second Kenyan track and field official was expelled from the Olympics on Thursday after pretending to be one of the team’s   runners and giving a doping sample in the athlete’s name, Kenya’s team leader said.
GO Golfer Henrik Stenson pokes a crocodile on Rio Olympic Golf Course.
GO Walking along the edge of the water on the   10th hole at Rio’s Olympic Golf Course, Stenson spotted a caiman    a small crocodile    reached over to poke it with the end of his golf club.
GO Iran to charge detained US man with threatening country’s national security.
GO   Iran is preparing to indict a detained U. S. man, accusing him of acting against the country’s national security interests, a source familiar with the case has told The Foreign Desk.
GO Chris Matthews: Get ’excited’ about Clinton campaign, or ’don’t vote’.
GO   MSNBC’s Chris Matthews has a striking message for disaffected Democrats: Get “excited” about Hillary Clinton’s campaign and the possibility of the party controlling Washington, or “don’t vote.
GO Rio police indict Lochte, teammate for falsely reporting robbery.
GO   Police in Rio de Janeiro Thursday indicted U. S. Olympic swimmers Ryan Lochte and James Feigen for falsely reporting a crime, the latest twist in a bizarre case that has overshadowed the final week of the Summer Games.
GO 2 Aussie swimmers disciplined after night out in Copacabana.
GO   Two Australian swimmers were disciplined by their country’s Olympic committee for failing to return to the athletes village or tell team officials where they were during a night out in Copacabana.
GO At least 14 dead, more than 200 wounded in bombings targeting Turkish police.
GO   A string of bombings, blamed on Kurdish rebels and targeting Turkey’s security forces, killed at least 14 people and wounded more than 220 others, officials said Thursday.
GO Bird strike forces Qatar Airways emergency landing in Turkey.
GO   A Qatar Airways passenger jet with over 300 people on board made an emergency landing at Istanbul’s main airport Thursday after an engine caught fire, the airline said, blaming a ”bird strike” for the blaze.
GO Paul Manafort resigns from Trump campaign.
GO “This morning Paul Manafort offered, and I accepted, his resignation from the campaign,” Trump said in a written statement to FoxNews.
GO Green Party’s Jill Stein praises Julian Assange as a "hero".
GO In a recent CNN town hall, Stein characterized Assange as a hero for leaking Democratic National Committee (DNC) emails and exposing Americans to information about how the party was run.
GO 2 high school coaches killed in shooting, teen also dead.
GO   Two Oregon high school wrestling coaches are dead in an apparent   and the body of a teenager who was last seen alive with one of them was also found, authorities said.
GO Trump at crossroads on immigration?.
GO Trump’s newly installed campaign team has suggested in recent days possible changes in the candidate’s tough immigration proposals.
GO Two Catholic nuns found murdered in Mississippi home.
GO   Two nuns who worked as nurses to help the poor in rural Mississippi were found slain in their home, and there were signs of a   and their car was missing, officials said Thursday.
GO Is 2016 the worst, or nah?.
GO   **Want FOX News Halftime Report in your inbox every day?
GO Second State Dept. unit conducted probe into mysterious deletion.
GO   A second unit within the State Department    led by its top internal auditor    conducted a separate probe into the mysterious deletion of a critical exchange about Iran from the department’s video of its December 2, 2013 daily press briefing, Fox News has learned.
GO In heartland Iowa, Trump vows to help farmers, urban minorities alike.
GO   Donald Trump walked a political tightrope Saturday    promising in heartland Iowa to help farmers across the country by cutting taxes and federal regulations while continuing his stark appeal to potentially disaffected minority voters in U. S. inner cities.
GO As presidential nominee, Clinton gets first national security briefing.
GO   Hillary Clinton on Saturday received her first national security briefing, since becoming the Democratic presidential nominee.
GO Niners QB Kaepernick refuses to stand for anthem in protest.
GO   San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick is refusing to stand for the national anthem before games because he believes the United States oppresses African Americans and other minorities.
GO Florida-bound Southwest flight diverted by engine problem.
GO Flight 3472 from New Orleans diverted the airplane to Pensacola, Florida, after the pilot detected something had gone wrong with an engine, according to a Southwest statement.
GO Tropical depressions form in Atlantic, Gulf could drench North Carolina, Gulf Coast.
GO   A tropical depression churning 400 miles off the coast of North Carolina on Sunday had weather watchers eyeing a potential upgrade to a tropical storm that could impact the Outer Banks as early as Sunday night, while residents along the Gulf Coast are keeping their eyes on another potential system.
GO Gene Wilder, star of ’Young Frankenstein’ and ’Willy Wonka,’ is dead at 83.
GO   Gene Wilder, star of ”Willy Wonka” and several classic Mel Brooks comedies, is dead at the age of 83.
GO Trump deletes tweet with image of the star of David, Hillary Clinton and money.
GO Donald Trump deleted an image of Hillary Clinton and a   star from social media, following accusations of antisemitism on Saturday given the star’s placement over an image of money and his repetition of the controversial phrase “America first”.
GO US veterans on Chilcot: we need our own inquiry to avoid repeating mistakes.
GO Following the devastating British inquiry into the 2003 invasion of Iraq, American veterans and their families have warned that the US is liable to repeat the mistakes without a similarly comprehensive investigation.
GO US Federal Reserve expected to keep interest rates on hold.
GO Financial markets have become over reliant on central banks, a leading international body said on Sunday, as investors prepared for the latest announcement on interest rates from the US Federal Reserve.
GO Could Jill Stein’s vote recount change the outcome of the election?.
GO In two days, Jill Stein raised more than enough money, more than $5m, to file for recounts in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania, though her campaign is still seeking about $2m more to cover the associated legal fees.
GO French woman accused of murdering daughter on beach blames witchcraft.
GO A French woman who left her baby daughter to drown on a beach blamed “witchcraft” when she went on trial for murder on Monday.
GO ’Here we go!’ Guillermo del Toro begins filming The Shape of Water.
GO   Guillermo del Toro seemed to be counting down the hours until he began filming his latest movie, The Shape of Water.
GO ’Very real risk’ of South Sudan atrocities, UN secretary general warns.
GO UN secretary general Ban   has warned of a “very real risk of mass atrocities” in South Sudan and that peacekeepers deployed in the   country will not be able to stop such a bloodbath.
GO Snowden: ’Politics of fear’ keep Trudeau from repealing Canada anti-terror law.
GO Edward Snowden has waded into the simmering debate over Canada’s controversial   law, saying that Justin Trudeau was reluctant to repeal the law out of a fear of appearing soft on terror.
GO Female tourists should not wear skirts in India, says tourism minister.
GO India’s tourism minister has said foreign women should not wear skirts or walk alone at night in the country’s small towns and cities “for their own safety”.
GO Galaxy Note 7 owners told to turn off phones due to exploding battery risk.
GO The US Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) says owners of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphones should turn them off and stop using them because of the risk that their batteries can explode.
GO Flash flooding kills at least 21 in Skopje.
GO Macedonia declared a state of emergency in its capital, Skopje, and neighbouring districts on Sunday, a day after at least 21 people were killed in flash floods caused by a storm.
GO Clinton: Trump’s economic plan will benefit rich, mine will create 10m jobs.
GO In a fiery speech that sharply criticized her opponent’s economic vision for the US, Hillary Clinton said Donald Trump’s proposals will only benefit the rich, while destroying the economy in tandem.
GO Tennessee wildfires kill three and force thousands to evacuate.
GO The national guard has been called in to aid with wildfires tearing through forests in Tennessee that have killed three people, according to Sevier County mayor Larry Waters, forcing thousands to evacuate and left many without power on Tuesday, local emergency responders said.
GO ’A powerful moment’: first US-to-Cuba flight since 1961 is latest step in thaw.
GO To the lively beat of a salsa band, and with a water cannon   from airport fire trucks, the first commercial flight between the US and Cuba since 1961 took off from Florida on Wednesday, a symbolic next step in the new era of détente between the former cold war adversaries.
GO Marvin Gaye’s family approve What’s Going On documentary.
GO Marvin Gaye seminal 1971 album What’s Going On is to be the subject of a documentary.
GO Buenos Aires zoo to close after 140 years: ’Captivity is degrading’.
GO Buenos Aires has announced plans to close down its    zoo, arguing that keeping wild animals in captivity and on display is degrading.
GO JonBenét Ramsey’s family threatens to sue CBS over documentary.
GO The lawyer representing the family of JonBenét Ramsey, the child pageant queen whose death became a sensation in the late 1990s, is threatening to sue CBS over a recent documentary about the case.
GO Documentary film-makers face decades in prison for taping oil pipeline protests.
GO Two documentary   are facing decades in prison for recording US oil pipeline protests, with serious felony charges that first amendment advocates say are part of a growing number of attacks on freedom of the press.
GO Defense secretary Ash Carter meets leaders in Iraq amid fight for Mosul.
GO US defense secretary Ash Carter arrived in Baghdad on Sunday to meet American commanders and Iraqi leaders and to assess progress in the fight to retake the northern city of Mosul from Islamic State militants.
GO Georgia police officer killed by suspect who remains on the run, officials say.
GO Authorities say a police officer in a small, central Georgia city has been shot and killed by a suspect who remains on the loose.
GO Russian government hackers steal DNC files on Donald Trump.
GO Hackers linked to the Russian government stole research files on Donald Trump from the Democratic National Committee, according to a US firm investigating the breach.
GO The Lady Chablis, transgender nightclub star, dies aged 59.
GO The Lady Chablis, the transgender nightclub star from Savannah, Georgia, who successfully lobbied Clint Eastwood to play herself in his 1997 adaptation of the John Berendt novel Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, has reportedly passed away at the age of 59.
GO Manchester United in chase for £84m Paul Pogba but Real Madrid lead race.
GO Paul Pogba will join Manchester United only if his first choice of Real Madrid proves impossible, with José Mourinho’s hopes of securing the France midfielder resting on outbidding the Spanish club and meeting the player’s wage demand of €300, 000 (£250, 000) a week.
GO Cereal Killer cafe: what will Birmingham make of its new hipster hangout?.
GO It’s been a year since the Cereal Killer cafe in London’s Brick Lane became the focus of an   riot, and its owners received letters saying “die hipsters”.
GO Over 120 arrested at North Dakota pipeline protests, including journalists.
GO North Dakota police arrested more than 120 people over the weekend at Native American oil pipeline protests, including   and journalists, prompting accusations that law enforcement officials are stifling free speech and using excessive force against peaceful protesters.
GO Sex offender who chained up woman killed at least seven, say police.
GO A South Carolina man killed at least seven people in a hidden crime spree that lasted more than a decade and only was uncovered when police rescued a woman chained at the neck in a storage container, authorities said.
GO Nonsense paper written by iOS autocomplete accepted for conference.
GO A nonsensical academic paper on nuclear physics written only by iOS autocomplete has been accepted for a scientific conference.
GO Heisman Trophy winner Rashaan Salaam found dead in Colorado park.
GO Rashaan Salaam, who won the 1994 Heisman Trophy at the University of Colorado before a   NFL career, has been found dead in a Colorado park aged 42.
GO Charlotte police to show shooting video to Keith Scott’s family but not public.
GO The family of Keith Scott planned a press conference on Thursday afternoon to discuss his death after being shot by Charlotte police, but did not attend because they were “emotionally not ready” according to their attorney.
GO What a difference a year makes: Donald Trump tailors message to evangelicals.
GO Practice may not make perfect for Donald Trump but the Republican nominee has clearly refined his appeal to evangelical voters in the past year.
GO Asos must pay £20m to rival retailers.
GO Online fashion retailer Asos has been forced to pay out more than £20m to two European retailers due to an alleged infringement of the trademarks on their names.
GO Mark Cavendish ‘looking to win more’ with Tour de France record in sight.
GO Mark Cavendish has his sights on Eddy Merckx’s   record of 34 career stage wins in the Tour de France after landing his third stage win in six days here, lifting his victory tally to 29, one clear of the   overall winner Bernard Hinault.
GO Chris Brown arrested on suspicion of assault after hours-long standoff.
GO The RB singer Chris Brown was arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon following an   standoff on Tuesday at his Los Angeles home, police said.
GO David Cameron urges Europe to remain united against Russian threat.
GO Europe must remain united in the face of the threat from Russia, David Cameron has warned, amid fears that Britain’s withdrawal from the EU will weaken resolve to stand up to Vladimir Putin.
GO Very hot drinks may cause cancer, but coffee does not, says WHO.
GO The World Health Organisation has cleared coffee of causing cancer, but a detailed investigation has found that very hot drinks may be linked to cancer of the oesophagus, or gullet.
GO Iraq’s parliament passes law banning alcohol.
GO Iraq’s parliament has passed a law forbidding the import, production or selling of alcoholic beverages in a surprise move that angered many in the country’s Christian community who rely on the business.
GO Ryder Cup 2016: Tiger Woods may have adverse influence, claims Westwood.
GO The first blow of the phoney war which always precedes a Ryder Cup has been landed by Lee Westwood, who has pointed towards the potentially “adverse” influence of Tiger Woods as a   of the USA.
GO Arsène Wenger’s Arsenal future will be mutually decided, says chief executive.
GO Arsenal’s chief executive, Ivan Gazidis, has said the club will deal with Arsène Wenger’s future in a manner that is mutually beneficial to both parties.
GO GB athletes have ‘doubts’ over result of women’s 1500m Rio race.
GO The British   runners Laura Muir and Laura Weightman have questioned whether the result of the women’s 1500m final at Rio Olympic Games can be trusted.
GO US Senate passes $6.2bn health bill to expedite approval for drugs.
GO The US Senate passed a mammoth health bill on Wednesday that took two years to negotiate and boasts broad, bipartisan support.
GO Liverpool v Manchester City: a game that threatens to live up to the hype.
GO One can only imagine how many dustbins have been kicked and desks banged by Sky Sports’ department for hyperbole as they come to terms with not having the rights to show the New Year’s Eve game between Liverpool and Manchester City.
GO Trump on trial: Kaine calls on Pence to defend running mate in debate.
GO Donald Trump was put on trial in his absence during the   debate as his running mate Mike Pence was accused of trying to defend the indefensible.
GO Justice department investigating fatal police shooting of Loreal Tsingine.
GO The US justice department will investigate the police shooting of a Native American woman in Arizona, a spokesman said on Friday, a day after footage released by the Winslow police department raised concerns about racial bias in the fatal shooting.
GO Venezuela and Colombia agree to ’provisional’ border opening.
GO Venezuela and Colombia have agreed to the gradual reopening of their border one year after the Venezuelan government closed crossings to crack down on smuggling.
GO Are you too old to find success?.
GO At what age are you too old to achieve breakthrough success in your field?
GO Ozone layer hole appears to be healing, scientists say.
GO The vast hole in the ozone layer above Antarctica appears to be healing, scientists say, putting the world on track to eventually remedy one of the biggest environmental concerns of the 1980s and 90s.
GO The Clinton-Trump presidential debates: who are the moderators?.
GO The nonpartisan commission that organizes the presidential debates has drawn from a pool of deep experience in selecting hosts for this year’s three scheduled meetings between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.
GO California wildfire forces 1,000 evacuations and destroys homes.
GO Flames racing through dry brush destroyed four homes and forced more than 1, 000 people to flee a northern California lake community that was evacuated in a devastating wildfire last year.
GO The Apple tax ruling – what this means for Ireland, tax and multinationals.
GO The European commission has ordered Apple to pay back the Irish state up to €13bn in taxes in a landmark ruling.
GO Fatal shooting of Kansas City police officer not premeditated, authorities say.
GO The fatal shooting of a police officer in Kansas City, Kansas, was not part of a planned ambush, but the work of someone trying to evade arrest, authorities said Wednesday.
GO Fidel Castro, Cuba’s revolutionary leader, dies aged 90.
GO Cuba has declared nine days of national mourning to mark the death of Fidel Castro, whose demise at the age of 90 has prompted emotional scenes in Havana and Miami, tributes and reflections from world leaders, and ushered the island into an uncertain era.
GO Clayton Kershaw is the greatest pitcher of his time and the NLDS showed why.
GO Clayton Kershaw is the greatest pitcher of his time so why wouldn’t he want to finish one of the greatest playoff games in recent memory?
GO At least 600 taken to hospital after 70 killed in Cameroon train derailment.
GO Authorities in Cameroon rushed more than 600 injured people to hospitals in the country’s two main cities on Saturday a day after an overcrowded train derailed, killing more than 70 people.
GO ’You can taste the difference’: the secrets of Coney Island’s gelato master.
GO Along Coney Island’s boardwalk, in between hotdog and nacho stands and White Castle burger restaurants, stands Coney’s Cones, a colorful gelato shop where for the last two seasons, under the supervision of a young Italian gelato master, hundreds of secret recipes are used to produce fresh,   handcrafted iced delicacies for thousands of passersby.
GO Shailene Woodley arrested while protesting North Dakota oil pipeline.
GO Actor Shailene Woodley, star of The Fault In Our Stars and the Divergent series, has been arrested along with 26 other people at the Standing Rock oil pipeline protest in North Dakota.
GO Obama on Dallas shooting: ’We cannot let the actions of a few define all of us’.
GO Barack Obama addressed on Saturday the sniper attack in Dallas that killed five officers and its relationship to the broader movement against police violence, declaring: “We cannot let the actions of a few define all of us.
GO Matt Shoemaker has surgery to stop bleeding on brain after line-drive hit.
GO Los Angeles Angels pitcher Matt Shoemaker underwent surgery to stop bleeding on his brain after he was struck in the head by a line drive against the Seattle Mariners.
GO Donald Trump is rushed off stage by Secret Service agents at Nevada rally.
GO Donald Trump was rushed off the stage by Secret Service agents on Saturday night while making a speech at a rally in Nevada, sparking panic in the crowd.
GO Police in England and Wales consider making misogyny a hate crime.
GO Police forces across England and Wales are considering expanding their definition of hate crime to include misogyny after an experiment in one city that saw more than 20 investigations launched in two months.
GO Donald Trump predicts breakup of EU.
GO Donald Trump has predicted the breakup of the European Union and warned Scotland against the risks of a second independence referendum.
GO Mick Fanning wins World Surfing League event at scene of shark attack.
GO Mick Fanning has capped an extraordinary return to the scene of last year’s shark attack, winning the World Surfing League event at Jeffreys Bay, South Africa.
GO Canadian and two Italians taken hostage in Libya.
GO Canada confirmed on Sunday it had become aware of a citizen taken hostage in Libya and was “diligently pursuing all appropriate channels to obtain more information”.
GO Barack Obama tells Samantha Bee a ’spooky story’: Trump is the president.
GO In a special   edition of Full Frontal with Samantha Bee, Barack Obama told a “spooky story” about what happens when people don’t vote: “Donald Trump could be president.
GO Thom Yorke’s ex-partner Rachel Owen dies at 48.
GO Rachel Owen, the former   partner of the Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke, has died aged 48.
GO Abortion demand soars in countries hit by Zika outbreak, study finds.
GO Demand for abortions has soared among women living in countries hit by the spread of the Zika virus who fear having a baby with severe birth defects, new data shows.
GO Chatbot lawyer overturns 160,000 parking tickets in London and New York.
GO An   lawyer chatbot has successfully contested 160, 000 parking tickets across London and New York for free, showing that chatbots can actually be useful.
GO Study: Uber and Lyft have ‘pattern of discrimination’ against black passengers.
GO A new academic study has found “a pattern of discrimination” against passengers with African   names by Uber and Lyft drivers.
GO Brotherhood actor Aaron Eaton dies days after film’s release.
GO Tributes have been paid to the Brotherhood actor Aaron Eaton, who has died days after the film’s release.
GO Mexico judge grants El Chapo temporary stay of extradition to US.
GO A judge in Mexico has granted a temporary stay of extradition for the Mexican drug lord Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán until arguments can be heard on two appeals filed by his lawyers.
GO Washington man charged with murder at mall after killing five in Macy’s store.
GO The man accused of killing five people at a Macy’s store in a Washington state shopping mall before leading authorities on a nearly   manhunt was charged Monday with five counts of   murder.
GO 14-year-old girl who died of cancer wins right to be cryogenically frozen.
GO A    girl who said before dying of cancer that she wanted a chance to live longer has been allowed by the high court to have her body cryogenically frozen in the hope that she can be brought back to life at a later time.
GO Serbian cafe shooting: man kills wife and four others.
GO A man has shot dead five people, including his wife, and injured another 20 at a Serbian cafe.
GO How Google’s search algorithm spreads false information with a rightwing bias.
GO Google’s search algorithm appears to be systematically promoting information that is either false or slanted with an extreme rightwing bias on subjects as varied as climate change and homosexuality.
GO Supreme court temporarily blocks subpoena over sex ads on Backpage.com.
GO The supreme court chief justice, John Roberts, on Tuesday temporarily blocked a congressional subpoena that seeks information on how the classified advertising website Backpage.
GO ExoMars: ’giant nose’ to sniff out life on Mars prepares for launch.
GO Space engineers are making final preparations for the launch of a robot spacecraft designed to sniff out signs of life on Mars.
GO David Crosby: Kanye West can neither sing, nor write, nor play.
GO One of the more unlikely pop music beefs rolls on, as David Crosby continues to voice his dismay at Kanye West.
GO Into the Inferno review – Werner Herzog peers into the depths of the volcano.
GO With Into the Inferno, Werner Herzog returns to the subject of active volcanoes, for which he has long had an intense, horrified fascination.
GO Gary Lineker presents Match of the Day in his underpants.
GO Gary Lineker has fulfilled his promise to present BBC’s Match of the Day in his underwear, following months of speculation.
GO Jewish museum relies on Google grant to counter Holocaust denial search results.
GO Google grants are relied upon to pay for adverts that counter search results that appear to deny that the Holocaust happened, a Jewish heritage museum said on Wednesday.
GO Trump’s treasury secretary accused of ethics violation after Lego Batman ’plug’.
GO A senior Democrat has called for US treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin to face an ethics violation investigation over comments he made plugging The Lego Batman Movie, a film financed by one of Mnuchin’s companies.
GO Senate committee subpoenas Michael Flynn in Trump-Russia investigation.
GO The Senate intelligence committee on Wednesday issued a subpoena for the former national security adviser Michael Flynn as part of the investigation into the Trump camp’s ties to Russia.
GO Muslim children forced to drop ’religious’ names in western China.
GO Muslim children in China’s far western Xinjiang region are being forced to change their “religious” names and adults are being coerced into attending rallies showing devotion to the officially atheist Communist party.
GO Diego Costa dropped by Chelsea after row over huge offer from China.
GO Diego Costa has been dropped from the Chelsea squad for Saturday’s Premier League match at Leicester City over a row that involves a massive offer made to him from a club in the Chinese Super League.
GO Fantastic beefs and where to find them: JK Rowling at war with Piers Morgan.
GO Two of Britain’s best known international exports, the   author JK Rowling and the   television personality Piers Morgan, are locked in a very public duel on social media this weekend.
GO I can tell a narcissist from a drama queen. I learned it in a quiz.
GO It was 15C spring weather in New York this week and my timeline was full of pictures of daffodils and checklists on how to spot and deal with a narcissist.
GO Flying Lotus reacts to walkouts at Kuso’s Sundance screening: ’I tried to warn folks’.
GO Electronica star turned   Flying Lotus (Steven Ellison) says he tried to warn people about the nature of his first   film after reports of mass walkouts during screenings at this year’s Sundance film festival.
GO James Clapper says Watergate ’pales’ in comparison with Trump Russia scandal.
GO The former US director of national intelligence James Clapper says events in Washington now are more serious than the Watergate scandal of the 1970s, and that it is imperative investigators get to the bottom of the Trump administration’s links with the Putin regime.
GO Empty cars with no steering wheel could soon be driving in California.
GO Cars with no steering wheel, no pedals and nobody at all inside could be driving themselves on California roads by the end of the year, under proposed new state rules that would give a powerful boost to the   technology.
GO François Fillon admits error but refuses to quit French presidential race.
GO The rightwing French presidential candidate François Fillon has apologised for hiring his wife as a parliamentary assistant, admitting he made an “error” but refusing to quit the race.
GO Tony Kushner on Trump’s proposed arts cuts: ’It’s an appalling idea’.
GO Tony Kushner’s play Angels in America, for which he won the Pulitzer prize for drama, was only possible with a special grant from the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and that’s just one reason he’s angry about the Trump administration’s proposal to eliminate NEA funding.
GO Tiger Woods: I ’unequivocally’ want to play professional golf again.
GO Tiger Woods said he’s feels better than he’s felt in years and “unequivocally” wants to play professional golf again, but it won’t be happening any time soon.
GO Donald Trump Jr called ’a disgrace’ for tweet goading London mayor Sadiq Khan.
GO Donald Trump Jr is facing a backlash for criticizing London mayor Sadiq Khan with a scornful tweet sent hours after an attack at the Houses of Parliament left four dead, including a police officer.
GO France’s far-right leader Marine Le Pen seen at Trump Tower.
GO Marine Le Pen, the leader of France’s   Front National, has been seen drinking coffee in the basement of Trump Tower in New York after her party had refused to say whether or not she was meeting Donald Trump.
GO Defense secretary: North Korea’s weapons capabilities a ’serious threat’.
GO North Korea’s nuclear weapons capabilities and ballistic missile defense programs constitute a “serious threat” to the United States, defense secretary Ash Carter said on Sunday.
GO Aaron Hernandez: judge quashes player’s conviction for 2013 murder.
GO A judge on Tuesday erased a 2013 murder conviction against former NFL star Aaron Hernandez, ruling that case law in Massachusetts had long established that defendants who die before their appeals are heard could have their convictions vacated.
GO Nemtsov family dismisses verdict as five found guilty of murder.
GO A Moscow jury has found five men guilty of murdering the Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov, following a trial denounced by his family and allies as a   that failed to bring the masterminds of the assassination to justice.
GO Michael Dubke, Trump’s communications director, quits.
GO The White House communications director, Michael Dubke, has resigned, in the first sign that a   staff shakeup by the president has begun.
GO Kansas man indicted on hate crime charges for killing Indian national.
GO A man accused in a bar shooting in suburban Kansas City that left one Indian national dead and another wounded was indicted by a federal grand jury on hate crime charges, the US justice department announced Friday.
GO Trump’s updated travel ban to have minimal input from national security.
GO Donald Trump’s controversial executive order banning travel from seven   countries is being tightened up to get around legal and constitutional objections with minimal input from the National Security Council, the Guardian has learned.
GO Hillary Clinton: misogyny ’certainly’ played a role in 2016 election loss.
GO In her first interview since losing the 2016 election, Hillary Clinton said misogyny had played a role in her election loss.
GO Manchester by the Sea director defends Casey Affleck over sexual harassment allegations.
GO Manchester by the Sea director Kenneth Lonergan has defended the film’s star, Casey Affleck, over allegations of sexual harassment, in a scathing letter to the editor of a college newspaper.
GO Majority of men in Middle East survey believe a woman’s place is in the home.
GO Men’s views of equality between the sexes are woefully out of sync with the hopes of young women, according to a survey across the Middle East and north Africa.
GO German parents told to destroy doll that can spy on children.
GO Germany’s telecommunications watchdog has ordered parents to destroy or disable a “smart doll” because the toy can be used to illegally spy on children.
GO Misty Copeland: dancing into history.
GO We cannot know whether Misty Copeland would have become America’s most celebrated ballet dancer if she had not met Cindy Bradley, the   instructor who first recognised and then sharpened her talents, but it seems unlikely.
GO Richard Hammond airlifted to hospital following car crash in Switzerland.
GO The former Top Gear presenter Richard Hammond has been airlifted to hospital in Switzerland after being involved in a car crash while in Switzerland filming his new Amazon show.
GO CNN editor sues after being detained at Atlanta airport under Trump travel ban.
GO A CNN editor has filed a lawsuit against Trump’s travel ban, after being detained at Atlanta’s airport over the weekend because of the controversial executive order.
GO US travel ban will kick off ’summer of litigation’, advocates warn.
GO Human rights advocates have warned of a “summer of litigation” in response to the US supreme court’s decision to partially reinstate Donald Trump’s travel ban.
GO Donald Trump tells NRA: ’I am going to come through for you’.
GO Donald Trump marked his 99th day as US president by basking in the noisy adulation of his base and making a pledge to the National Rifle Association: “You came through for me and I am going to come through for you.
GO Justice League: Zack Snyder quits movie after daughter kills herself.
GO Director Zack Snyder has stepped down from working on Justice League to support his family following the suicide of his daughter.
GO Kim Kardashian West’s chauffeur among 17 held over Paris robbery.
GO Police are questioning Kim Kardashian West’s Paris chauffeur after a series of arrests connected to a robbery in October in which the US reality TV star lost jewels and other property worth €9m.
GO ’Alt-right celebrities’ are holding a rally in Portland. Who are they?.
GO An “ ” rally in Portland is going ahead on Sunday, despite the city’s grief in the wake of a white supremacist double murder and the pleas of mayor Ted Wheeler.
GO For 18 years, I thought she was stealing my identity. Until I found her.
GO By the time the cop called “Lisa Davis” I’d been sitting in the hard wooden pew in New York City criminal court for two hours.
GO Rebecca Ferguson says she will play Trump inauguration if she can sing Strange Fruit.
GO Singer Rebecca Ferguson has said she would accept an invitation to perform at Donald Trump’s inauguration on 20 January on one condition: she be allowed to sing Strange Fruit.
GO How to contact the Guardian securely.
GO Some of the most important stories published by the Guardian have come from whistleblowers.
GO Geert Wilders suspends election campaign over alleged security leak.
GO The Dutch   politician Geert Wilders and his populist Freedom party have suspended all public campaigning for next month’s parliamentary elections following an alleged security leak.
GO Former Farc rebels kidnap UN official in Colombia from coca crop region.
GO A member of a UN team working on a project in Colombia to substitute legal crops for illegal ones has been kidnapped by dissident former Farc rebels who have rejected the peace process, the United Nations and the government said on Thursday.
GO CIA liaison is first casualty of conflict between intelligence agency and Trump.
GO When the history of Donald Trump’s war with the US intelligence community is written, the name of the conflict’s first casualty is unlikely to be recorded, as the former marine officer is still a serving CIA official.
GO Zaha Hadid leaves £67m fortune, architect’s will reveals.
GO Zaha Hadid, the   architect who died suddenly last March, left a fortune worth £67m, her will reveals.
GO Eric Gill: can we separate the artist from the abuser?.
GO Last October, I was one of 25 delegates at a “workshop day” at the Ditchling Museum of Art + Craft, a small but beautiful gallery, whose acclaimed spaces are dedicated mostly to displays of work by Eric Gill and the many artists and makers who followed him to the Sussex village after he and his family moved there from London in 1907.
GO Obese Thai monkey who got big on tourists’ junk food placed on strict diet.
GO A morbidly obese wild monkey who gorged himself on junk food and soda left behind by tourists has been rescued and placed on a strict diet of lean protein, fruits and vegetables.
GO Dick Clark Productions denies ’sabotaging’ Mariah Carey New Year’s Eve show.
GO Dick Clark Productions, the TV company that organised Mariah Carey’s New Year’s Eve performance in New York’s Times Square, has denied rumours that her show was deliberately sabotaged.
GO More than 30 drown as hundreds fall from migrant boat off Libya.
GO More than 30 people have drowned after about 200 people fell from an overcrowded migrant boat off the coast of Libya, the latest tragedy in the Mediterranean Sea.
GO Backers of Honduran dam opposed by murdered activist withdraw funding.
GO The international funders behind the hydroelectric dam opposed by murdered Honduran environmentalist Berta Cáceres are withdrawing from the project, the Guardian can reveal.
GO Military action against North Korea ’an option’, warns Rex Tillerson.
GO A   US military strike against North Korea may be necessary if the threat posed by its nuclear weapons programme reaches a level that “requires action” the US secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, has warned.
GO Syria: US warns Assad over using chemical weapons again.
GO The US says it has put Bashar   on notice that it will take further military action if he uses chemical weapons again, while appearing to back away from wider military involvement in the Syrian conflict, less than 24 hours after launching Tomahawk missiles at a regime airbase.
GO Norma McCorvey, ’Roe’ in Roe v Wade case legalizing abortion, dies aged 69.
GO Norma McCorvey, who was just 22 years old when she became better known as Jane Roe in the landmark 1973 supreme court case Roe v Wade, has died aged 69 in her home state of Texas.
GO Ukraine spy agency ’may have seen planting of bomb that killed journalist’.
GO A new documentary film alleges that Ukraine’s spy agency may have witnessed the planting of a car bomb that killed a prominent journalist last July in Kiev.
GO Kuwait woman detained for filming maid’s suicide attempt without helping.
GO Kuwaiti police have detained a woman for filming her Ethiopian maid falling from the seventh floor in an apparent suicide attempt without trying to rescue her, media and a rights group said Friday.
GO Obama administration places sanctions on bin Laden’s son, citing terror risk.
GO The Obama administration imposed sanctions on Thursday on a son of Osama bin Laden, saying the younger Bin Laden poses a risk to US national security.
GO Donald Trump faces new revelations as Comey prepares to testify.
GO The former FBI director James Comey is to testify in public during the US inquiry into Russian interference, it has been announced, as a series of damaging revelations pile further pressure on the embattled president Donald Trump.
GO Iran nuclear chief warns US over support for Saudi Arabia.
GO The head of Iran’s atomic energy organisation, one of the architects of the 2015 landmark nuclear deal, has warned the US to stop upsetting the regional balance of power by siding with Saudi Arabia.
GO Jeremy Corbyn calls for May to resign after hung parliament confirmed.
GO Jeremy Corbyn said the face of British politics had changed and called on Theresa May to resign after her snap general election left Britain with a hung parliament 11 days before Brexit talks begin.
GO Russia: activists detained in Red Square for reading out constitution, says monitor.
GO At least 11 activists were detained on Moscow’s Red Square on Friday as they were reading Russia’s constitution out loud, a group that monitors protest activity said.
GO At least five dead in shooting at BPM festival in Mexico.
GO At least five people have died and 15 others have been injured after a shooting outside a club on the last night of the BPM electronic music festival in Mexico.
GO Bill Cosby sexual assault trial: only one accuser permitted to testify.
GO A judge will let only one other accuser testify at Bill Cosby’s sexual assault trial to bolster charges that the actor drugged and molested a woman at his estate near Philadelphia.
GO Moon Express raises $20m for 2017 voyage to the moon.
GO A US company has secured funding to become the first private entity to travel to the moon, with a planned 2017 voyage that will be an international milestone in space exploration.
GO Republican healthcare plan: 24 million people could lose coverage, CBO reports.
GO As many as 24 million Americans risk losing health coverage over the next decade under the Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, the   Congressional Budget Office said on Monday.
GO Vladimir Putin is a bigger threat than Isis, John McCain says.
GO The Russian president, Vladimir Putin, is the biggest threat to global security, even greater than Isis, John McCain has declared on his tour of Australia.
GO Climate change will fuel terrorism recruitment, report for German foreign office says.
GO Climate change will fuel acts of terrorism and strengthen recruiting efforts by terrorist groups such as Islamic State and Boko Haram, a report commissioned by the German foreign office has found.
GO Travel ban in disarray as airlines told they can board barred passengers – reports.
GO Customs officials have reportedly told US airlines that they can board passengers who had been barred from entering the country after a federal judge in Seattle ordered a temporary halt on Donald Trump’s travel ban for refugees and people from seven   nations.
GO Melania Trump accepts Daily Mail damages and apology in libel case.
GO The Daily Mail and Mail Online will pay significant damages to settle a libel claim brought by the US first lady, Melania Trump, over false claims about her work as a professional model.
GO Out of the blue: ’Trump’ skywriting appears above Sydney protest.
GO Skywriters wrote “Trump” over Sydney on Saturday, above a protest where 5, 000 people marched in support of womens rights, following Donald Trump’s inauguration as US president.
GO Ariana Grande to become first honorary citizen of Manchester.
GO Ariana Grande is to become the first honorary citizen of Manchester for helping to raise millions of pounds for victims of the Manchester Arena attack.
GO Greg Gianforte to plead guilty for assaulting Guardian reporter.
GO The Montana Republican Greg Gianforte plans to plead guilty to a misdemeanor assault charge for “ ” the Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs, according to the Gallatin county attorney Marty Lambert.
GO Samuel DuBose shooting: second mistrial declared in officer’s murder trial.
GO A mistrial was declared on Friday for the second time in the murder trial of a white University of Cincinnati police officer, after the jury said it was hopelessly deadlocked on charges in the fatal traffic stop shooting of an unarmed black motorist.
GO Jordan Edwards’ family sues officer and police department in teen’s killing.
GO The family of Jordan Edwards, a black    who was shot and killed by a white suburban Dallas police officer, has sued the officer and his department, accusing the department of inadequately training the officer and ignoring warning signs that he was prone to erratic behavior.
GO Hillsborough disaster: six people, including David Duckenfield, charged.
GO Six people, including two former senior police officers, have been charged with criminal offences over the 96 deaths in the Hillsborough disaster and the alleged police   that followed.
GO Minnesota police officer’s brutal arrest of driver was ’disturbing’, ACLU says.
GO A Minnesota arrest in which a driver was dragged from his vehicle and repeatedly punched and kneed by a police officer was a “disturbing and completely unnecessary” example of an excessive use of force, the state ACLU has said.
GO Cancel Donald Trump state visit, says Sadiq Khan, after London attack tweets.
GO The London mayor, Sadiq Khan, has called on the British government to cancel a planned state visit by Donald Trump after being criticised in two tweets by the US president.
GO Google Docs users hit with sophisticated phishing attack in their inboxes.
GO A Google Docs scam that appears to be widespread began landing in users’ inboxes on Wednesday in what seemed to be a sophisticated phishing or malware attack.
GO North Carolina officer caught on video slamming female student to ground.
GO A North Carolina police officer was caught on video lifting a high school student into the air and slamming her to the ground, prompting widespread outrage and calls for the policeman to be fired.
GO Prince Harry sought counselling after ’total chaos’ following mother’s death.
GO Prince Harry has revealed how he sought counselling after coming close to a breakdown following more than 15 years of “not thinking” about the death of his mother.
GO Al Jarreau, Grammy-winning jazz, pop and R&B singer, dies at 76.
GO The   jazz singer Al Jarreau died on Sunday in a Los Angeles hospital, days after announcing his retirement from touring due to exhaustion.
GO Donald Trump denies White House in chaos at extraordinary press conference.
GO Donald Trump dismissed reports of chaos and conspiracy in his administration and claimed his team was running like “a   machine” during an extraordinary press conference at which he tried to reset his beleaguered presidency.
GO Revolutionary guards tried to sabotage Iran’s nuclear deal, says president.
GO Iran’s president, Hassan Rouhani, has used a presidential TV debate to accuse the country’s powerful revolutionary guards of attempting to sabotage its nuclear agreement with the west by testing ballistic missiles with provocative   messages written on them.
GO Supreme court nominee Neil Gorsuch calls Trump judge attacks ’demoralizing’.
GO Neil Gorsuch, Donald Trump’s nominee to the supreme court, called the president’s tweet attacking the federal district court judge James Robart “disheartening and demoralizing” his spokesman has confirmed.
GO Rand Paul: Trump supports replacing Obamacare the day it is repealed.
GO Rand Paul, the Kentucky senator who challenged Donald Trump for the Republican presidential nomination, says the   “fully supports” repealing Barack Obama’s healthcare law only when there is a viable alternative to replace it.
GO White House Denies It Was In The Dark On Timing Of Trump’s Decision To Fire Comey.
GO White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders on Thursday denied that members of President Donald Trump’s administration were left in the dark about the timing of Trump’s decision to fire James Comey as director of the FBI.
GO Grassley Urges FBI To Confirm Whether Trump Is Under Investigation.
GO Sen. Chuck Grassley ( ) the chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee, on Thursday called on the FBI to make public whether or not President Donald Trump is under federal investigation.
GO The Damage Is Done Regardless Of What Trump And Comey Discussed At Dinner.
GO If a   dinner between President Donald Trump and   director James Comey unfoldedÂ the way the President claimsÂ it did, then he’s got some big problems on his hands, former Justice Department officials and FBI agents say.
GO Paul Ryan Still Talking Up The Idea Of Privatizing Medicare.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan hasn’t let go of his cherished idea of privatizing Medicare and in an interview with a local Wisconsin radio station Friday, suggested that a blueprint for overhauling Medicare would advance in the Budget Committee again this year.
GO Paul Ryan On Trump Firing Comey: ‘I’m Focusing On What’s In My Control’.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) on Friday declined to comment directly on President Donald Trump’s sudden decision to dismiss FBI Director James Comey, saying he couldn’t account for the flurry of activity coming out of the White House.
GO NYT: Comey Willing To Testify, But Only In Public Setting.
GO Fired FBI Director James Comey is willing to testify before Congress on the condition that he is able to do so in public, the New York Times reported Friday.
GO Schumer: Trump Should Turn Over Any Comey ‘Tapes’ To Congress Or Apologize.
GO Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) on Sunday said that if President Donald Trump recorded his conversations with former FBI Director James Comey, he should hand them over to Congress.
GO ‘Morning Joe’ Hosts: Conway Said She Needed A Shower After Defending Trump.
GO The   of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough, claimed on Monday that senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway used to say she needed a shower after defending Donald Trump on air.
GO How To Understand James Comey.
GO It was reported on Friday that James Comey has declined to testify before the Senate unless he can do so in open session (and presumably only in open session).
GO NYT: Trump Asked Comey To Shut Down Investigation Into Michael Flynn.
GO President Donald Trump asked former FBI Director James Comey to shut down his bureau’s investigation into Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn, a request that Comey documented in a memo, the New York Times reported on Tuesday.
GO All Dems On House Oversight, Judiciary Panels Call For Investigation Into Trump.
GO All the Democratic members of the House Judiciary and Oversight Committees on Tuesday requested a joint investigation to find out whether President Donald Trump and top members of his administration are obstructing ongoing investigations by the FBI, Justice Department and Congress.
GO Fox Host Says She’s In Talks To Replace Sean Spicer As Top White House Spox.
GO Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle on Monday said that she is in talks with President Donald Trump’s administration about replacing Sean Spicer as White House press secretary.
GO Sen. Angus King: We Are Getting Closer To The Possibility Of Impeaching Trump.
GO Sen. Angus King ( ) on Tuesday said that if President Donald Trump asked James Comey to drop the FBI’s investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn, then it raises the possibility that Trump will be subject to impeachment proceedings.
GO Well, This Is All Very Apropos.
GO It sure looks like there are a bunch of big stories to get to the bottom of.
GO Roger Ailes Has Died.
GO The creator and deposed chief executive of Fox News, Roger Ailes, has died at age 77.
GO Getting Out of the Way.
GO We’re getting more clarity on where Republicans are ending up after a bruising, punishing 36 hours.
GO Don’t Believe That Pence Was “Out of the Loop”.
GO We’re seeing multiple stories this morning, building on hints and suggestions over the course of the week, that Vice President Mike Pence was kept “out of the loop” on seemingly all the problems with Mike Flynn.
GO NYT: Trump Gloated To Russian Officials About Relief Of Firing ‘Nut Job’ Comey.
GO In a meeting with Russian officials one day after he abruptly fired James Comey, President Donald Trump expressed relief about being rid of the “real nut job” former FBI director, saying it took “great pressure” off him, according to a Friday report in the New York Times.
GO Comey Agrees To Testify In Public Before Senate Intelligence Committee.
GO Former FBI Director James Comey has agreed to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee in an open session, the panel’s chair and ranking member announced on Friday.
GO McCain: I’m ‘Almost Speechless’ Over Trump’s Reported Remarks To Russians.
GO Sen. John McCain ( ) on Sunday said he was “almost speechless” about a report that President Donald Trump disparaged former FBI Director James Comey during a meeting with Russian officials in the Oval Office.
GO Rubio: ‘People Got What They Voted For’ When It Comes To Trump Admin Drama.
GO Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) on Sunday responded to other Republican lawmakers’ pleas for less drama from President Donald Trump’s administration by saying that “people got what they voted for.
GO WaPo: Kushner Is Holding Onto 90 Percent Of His Real Estate Investments.
GO Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump’s    has held onto about 90 percent of his real estate investments even as he serves as a top White House adviser, according to a Washington Post analysis of his financial disclosure form published Sunday.
GO Michael Flynn Will Invoke 5th Amendment, Decline Senate Subpoena.
GO Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn will invoke his Fifth Amendment protection against   on Monday as he notifies the Senate Intelligence committee that he will not comply with a subpoena seeking documents.
GO Fox Removes Story Based On Conspiracy Theory About Murdered DNC Staffer.
GO Fox News on Tuesday removed a story based on an unsubstantiated conspiracy theory about the unsolved murder of a DNC staffer.
GO Senate Intel Continues To Pursue Flynn Documents In Russia Probe.
GO The Senate Intelligence Committee is continuing its efforts to obtain documents from former national security adviser Michael Flynn, after he refused to comply with a committee subpoena this week in its investigation of Russia interference in the 2016 election.
GO Chaffetz: Comey Wouldn’t Tell Me Location Of Memos He Wrote About Trump.
GO House Oversight Committee Chair Jason Chaffetz ( ) on Wednesday said former FBI Director James Comey refused to comment to Chaffetz on the location of memos Comey reportedly wrote describing his encounters with President Donald Trump.
GO Poll: Majority Of Voters Believe Trump Is Abusing His Power As President.
GO A majority of voters believe that President Donald Trump is abusing the powers of his office, according to a poll released Wednesday by Quinnipiac University.
GO McConnell: ‘I Don’t Know How We Get To 50’ Senate Votes To Pass ACA Repeal.
GO Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) on Wednesday said he doesn’t know how Republicans will muster enough votes to get their bill repealing and replacing Obamacare through the Senate.
GO Despite Pledge, Trump Org Isn’t Tracking All Profits From Foreign Governments.
GO The Trump Organization is not actively working to identify all representatives of foreign governments who give money to its hotels and companies, despite President Donald Trump’s pledge to donate all such profits to the U. S. Treasury.
GO Sheriff: Montana GOPer Accused Of Assault Declined Request For Interview.
GO The sheriff of a Montana county where Republican candidate Greg Gianforte allegedly assaulted a reporter said Thursday that Gianforte declined law enforcement’s request for a   interview.
GO Sessions On Court’s Block Of Trump Travel Ban: See You In Supreme Court.
GO Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Thursday said the Department of Justice will ask the Supreme Court to review an appeals court’s refusal to lift a nationwide block on President Donald Trump’s executive order barring travelers from six   countries.
GO Senate GOP To Begin Working On Draft O’Care Repeal Language Over Recess.
GO Senate Republicans will begin working on a draft of health care language over next week’s Memorial Day recess as the next step in their effort to dismantle the Affordable Care Act.
GO CNN: Comey Acted On Russian Intel He Knew Was Fake In Clinton Email Probe.
GO   Director James Comey acted on information that he knew was fabricated by Russian intelligence out of concern that a leak of the info could damage the credibility of the probe into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server, CNN reported Friday.
GO WaPo: Senate Intel Committee Asks For Trump Campaign Documents.
GO The Senate Intelligence Committee has requested all   documents, emails and phone records from President Donald Trump’s campaign committee, the Washington Post reported Friday night.
GO Schiff: ‘There Ought To Be A Review’ Of Kushner’s Security Clearance.
GO Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said Sunday that senior White House adviser Jared Kushner’s security clearance should be reviewed in light of reports that Kushner did not disclose additional contacts he had with Russia’s ambassador to the United States.
GO DHS Chief: ‘I Don’t See Any Big Issue’ If Kushner Tried To Set Up Backchannel.
GO Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly on Sunday said he does not “see any big issue” with reports that senior White House adviser Jared Kushner, who is President Donald Trump’s    sought to set up backchannel communications with the Kremlin before Trump’s inauguration.
GO Texas GOPer Starts Scuffle In State Capitol When He Calls ICE On Protesters.
GO A Republican state lawmaker prompted a scuffle in the Texas House on Monday when he told his Democratic colleagues that it had called Immigration and Customs Enforcement on protesters in the capitol who were speaking out against a new immigration law.
GO House Intel Committee Wants To Hear From Trump Campaign Adviser Epshteyn.
GO The House Intelligence Committee wants to speak to Trump campaign adviser Boris Epshteyn as part of its probe into Russia’s interference in the U. S. election, CBS News reported Tuesday.
GO CNN: Russians Discussed ‘Derogatory’ Info They Had On Trump During Campaign.
GO The U. S. intelligence community intercepted conversations between Kremlin officials who boasted of having potentially “derogatory” information about Donald Trump and his advisers during the 2016 campaign, CNN reported Tuesday.
GO WATCH LIVE: First Press Briefing Since Trump’s Overseas Trip At 2 PM ET.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer is scheduled to give his first   press briefing since President Donald Trump’s overseas trip at 2:00 p. m. ET on Tuesday.
GO Paris Decision Was Driven By the President’s Rage and Fear.
GO Let me expand on what I said below about President Trump’s climate decision being driven by emotion and rage.
GO CNN: Congress Looking Into Whether Sessions Had Another Kislyak Meeting.
GO Investigators with the congressional Russia probes are looking into whether Attorney General Jeff Sessions had another meeting with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak during the 2016 campaign, CNN reported early Thursday, citing unnamed sources on Capitol Hill and intelligence officials.
GO Spicer Won’t Say If Trump Will Try To Block Comey From Testifying Next Week.
GO White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer would not say whether President Donald Trump would invoke executive privilege in a bid to block former FBI Director James Comey from testifying before the Senate Intelligence Committee next week.
GO Trump’s ‘Pit Bull’, With Biz Ties To Ukrainian Emigres, Is Back In Spotlight.
GO Michael Cohen, Donald Trump’s “pit bull” personal attorney, is the latest associate of the President’s with ties to a former Soviet republic to emerge as a person congressional investigators want to hear from in their probes into Russian interference in the U. S. election.
GO In First Since Trump Speech, Haley Says President Believes Climate Is Changing.
GO After repeated dodges and   from various members of the Trump administration, the United States’ ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, said Saturday that the President believes “the climate is changing and he believes pollutants are part of the equation.
GO GOP Sen.: ‘I Wish’ I Condemned Bill Maher’s Racial Slur In Interview.
GO Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) wrote Saturday that he wished he had been “quick enough” to condemn comedian Bill Maher when the host of HBO’s “Real Time” used a racial slur during an interview the previous night.
GO Ossoff Decries Super PAC Ad That Ties Him To Kathy Griffin’s Gory Trump Photo.
GO Georgia Democrat Jon Ossoff’s campaign pushed back Thursday on a new ad from a Republican super PAC that stretched to tie Ossoff to Kathy Griffin, who kicked off a firestorm this week when she was photographed holding a bloody likeness of Donald Trump’s head.
GO Our Prime Sign Up Drive Continues!!.
GO Thanks to everyone who’s signed up so far in our annual membership drive.
GO Report: Russia Hackers Targeted Voting Software Company, Election Officials.
GO Just a few days before the 2016 presidential election, Russian military intelligence hackers targeted a Florida voting software company and more than 100 local election officials, according to a highly classified National Security Agency report obtained by The Intercept and verified by CBS News.
GO White House: Trump Won’t Use Executive Privilege To Stop Comey From Testifying.
GO Deputy White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders on Monday said President Donald Trump will not use executive privilege to stop former FBI Director James Comey from testifying before the Senate Intelligence Committee this week.
GO NBC: Congress Wants To Ask If Kushner Sought Russian Funding For NYC Tower.
GO The congressional committees investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election want to ask Jared Kushner, the President’s    and senior adviser, whether he sought Russian financing for his family’s Manhattan tower when he met with the CEO of a   Russian bank in December, NBC News reported Monday.
GO Trump On Comey’s Upcoming Senate Testimony: ‘I Wish Him Luck’.
GO President Donald Trump on Tuesday wished fired FBI Director James Comey “luck” in advance of Comey’s scheduled testimony on Thursday before the Senate Intelligence Committee.
GO McCabe: My Chats With Comey About Trump May Fall Under Mueller’s Purview.
GO Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe said Wednesday that he believes any conversations he had with his predecessor, James Comey, about President Donald Trump may fall under the purview of a special counsel’s investigation into Russia’s interference in the 2016 election.
GO Ryan’s Spin: Nothing We Haven’t Heard Before In Comey’s Released Testimony.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) on Wednesday tried to play down fired FBI Director James Comey’s prepared remarks for Thursday’s hearing as nothing that hasn’t already come up in news reports.
GO Colbert finally responds to #FireColbert backlash: ‘I would do it again’.
GO    Stephen Colbert finally responded Wednesday to online criticism of his   joke about President Trump that led to the hashtag #firecolbert and a call to boycott advertisers of the “Late Show,” which the comedian hosts.
GO Amid Putin ‘bromance,’ Steven Seagal banned from Ukraine as national security threat.
GO      Steven Seagal, the American actor best known for his role in ’90s action movies such as “Hard to Kill” and “Under Siege,” has been blacklisted from the Ukraine as a national security threat.
GO The 35 movies everyone will be talking about this summer.
GO      Could this be the year when the boys of summer yield a bit of the box office to the girls?
GO Full transcript: Sally Yates and James Clapper testify on Russian election interference.
GO           Former acting attorney general Sally Yates and James R. Clapper Jr. the former director of national intelligence, are testifying at a Senate Judiciary subcommittee hearing on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
GO Bill Clinton is writing a political thriller with best-selling novelist James Patterson.
GO           Former president Barack Obama might be getting all the attention for that reported $65 million book deal, but former president Bill Clinton is soon coming out with an unusual book: He’s writing a novel with prolific thriller writer James Patterson.
GO ‘I’ll run this place’: Aaron Hernandez’s prison life reportedly included the Bloods.
GO           Aaron Hernandez, the former New England Patriots star who was found dead in his prison cell last month, belonged to the Bloods street gang and had been disciplined for having gang paraphernalia and other incidents, documents related to the investigation into his suicide show.
GO Ex-USA Gymnastics CEO’s deposition in sex abuse case delayed so he can attend Indy 500.
GO      A Los Angeles Superior Court judge agreed to delay a deposition the former USA Gymnastics president Steve Penny was to give in relation to sex abuse allegations brought against Team USA’s former physician by a former member of the team.
GO Senate Democrats demand answers from Rod Rosenstein about involvement in Comey firing.
GO           Senate Democrats pummeled Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein on Thursday for his involvement in the firing of FBI Director James B. Comey, warning that his nonpartisan reputation is at risk unless he starts answering questions from Congress.
GO Gunman fatally shoots Ohio police chief, 2 others at nursing home, sheriff says.
GO           An Ohio police chief and two nursing home employees were shot and killed Friday morning in a small community outside Columbus by a gunman, who was later found dead, authorities said.
GO Preet Bharara: Are there still public servants who will say no to the president?.
GO    Preet Bharara, a scholar in residence at New York University Law School, was U. S. attorney for the Southern District of New York from 2009 until this March.
GO George Conway is the man at the center of everything.
GO       If it weren’t for George Conway, the nation might never have met Monica Lewinsky, and Donald Trump might never have met Kellyanne.
GO What would it take for Republican politicians to finally turn on Trump?.
GO      What would it take for Republican politicians to finally turn on, or even gently criticize, the current president?
GO Trump: Joe Lieberman is top contender for new FBI director.
GO      President Trump said Thursday that Joe Lieberman was his top choice to become FBI director, filling the slot left open after Trump fired James B. Comey, his previous FBI head, last week.
GO EPA to set aside $12 million for buyouts in coming months.
GO      The Environmental Protection Agency plans to set aside $12 million for buyouts and early retirements in coming months, as part of an effort to begin “reshaping” the agency’s workforce under the Trump administration.
GO Conway to Chuck Todd: ’We’re Going to Have to Rethink Our Relationship Here’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” during a very contentious interview, President Donald Trump aide Kellyanne Conway told host Chuck Todd, “We’re going to have to rethink our relationship here,” if he continued to ask why press secretary Sean Spicer told a “falsehood,” about Trump’s inaugural crowd size.
GO President Trump: Construction of Border Wall Will Begin in ’Months’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday at the White House in an interview with ABC’s David Muir, President Donald Trump said that Mexico will reimburse the United States for the cost of the border wall and construction will start in “months.
GO David Bossie at CPAC: ‘Elections Have Consequences’ - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump’s former deputy campaign manager David Bossie spoke at CPAC on Saturday, recalling the historic election and discussing the future of the administration.
GO McCain: Mexico Paying for Border Wall ’Not a Viable Option’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday on CNN’s “At This Hour” Sen. John McCain ( ) said Mexico paying back the United States for a border wall is “not a viable option.
GO Watch: Stephen Colbert Mocks Rachel Maddow For Lengthy Trump Tax Tease - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on CBS’s “The Late Show,” host Stephen Colbert mocked MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow for her lengthy tease a night earlier that led up to the release of President Donald Trump’s 2005 tax forms.
GO Rep. Barbara Lee: ‘I Don’t Agree with States’ Rights’ Because Trump Does - Breitbart.
GO Rep. Barbara Lee ( ) said on Tuesday that she does not agree with states’ rights because President Donald Trump believes in restoring states’ authority on a wide range of issues, including education and health care insurance markets.
GO CNN’s Bash on NYT Report: The Deep State Knows How to ’Get Back Even If You’re President’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on CNN’s “Situation Room,” while reacting to a New York Times report that in February President Donald Trump asked former FBI Director James Comey to end the investigation into Trump’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn, network chief political correspondent Dana Bash said the deep state knew “how to get back, even if you’re the president of the United States.
GO Erdogan: Soon Europeans ’Will Not Walk Safely on Their Streets’.
GO Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has warned the European Union (EU) that if the diplomatic spat between Turkey and several European countries continues, Europeans won’t be able to walk their own streets safely.
GO French Universities Play Politics by Emailing Students to Vote Macron.
GO French university academics have made an extraordinary intervention in the French election, emailing students and urging them to back establishment candidate Emmanuel Macron.
GO Watch: Demon Clown Pennywise Returns in Trailer for Stephen King’s ’It’.
GO   demon clown Pennywise is back with a vengeance in the first trailer for Warner Bros’ upcoming   adaptation of Stephen King’s horror classic It, released Wednesday.
GO Sen. McConnell: The Supreme Court Vacancy Was Key to President Trump’s Win - Breitbart.
GO Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R, KY) recently insisted that the open seat on the U. S. Supreme Court just filled by Justice Neil Gorsuch was a key factor in President Donald Trump’s White House victory last November.
GO Charlie Sheen on Trump: ’We Look Forward to Impeachment’.
GO Actor Charlie Sheen praised Meryl Streep’s   rant at the Golden Globes and said Americans can expect the   to be impeached shortly after he’s sworn into office.
GO Maher: The Word For Bannon Calling For ’Deconstruction of Administrative State’ Is ’Terrorist’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher reacted to White House Chief Strategist and former Breitbart News chairman Steve Bannon’s statement about the “deconstruction of the administrative state” by stating, “I’m not sure the word for that is ‘conservative.’ I think it’s ‘terrorist.
GO Burlesque Dancer Fired, Investigated by Secret Service for Trump Assassination Tweet - Breitbart.
GO The Secret Service is investigating a burlesque dancer from Kentucky after she posted a Tweet that said she hoped someone would be “kind enough” to assassinate President Donald Trump.
GO Hawaii Lawmakers Ask State to Prepare for North Korea Missile Attack.
GO Lawmakers in Hawaii have asked state officials to update contingency plans and provide extra funding in anticipation of an attack from North Korea, amid escalating tensions between America and the communist state.
GO Michael Wolff on MILO’s ’Dangerous’: Publishing Is a Business - Breitbart.
GO In USA Today, journalist and author Michael Wolff explained to critics of Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s upcoming book Dangerous that “the publishing businesses is a business,” pointing out that the publication of the book was inevitable given the profits that stood to be made.
GO Robert De Niro: Trump Is a Bully, We Have to ’Bully’ Him Back - Breitbart.
GO Friday on ABC’s “The View,” discussing his 2016 election video saying he would like to punch then presidential candidate Donald Trump “in the face,” actor Robert De Niro said “of course” he wanted “to punch him in the face,” but added it was “only a symbolic” because he said “when people are bullies” that’s what you have to do, “bully them back.
GO Bloomberg’s U.S. Consumer Comfort Index Highest It Has Been in a Decade - Breitbart.
GO Bloomberg’s U. S. Consumer Comfort Index has reached its highest point in a decade following positive assessments about the economy and the buying climate, according to Bloomberg Markets.
GO Cohn: Trump Becoming "Smarter,’ ’More Knowledgeable’ on Climate Change - Breitbart.
GO White House economic advisor Gary Cohn made the curious comment in Sicily on Friday that President Donald Trump’s views on climate change were “evolving.
GO Netanyahu: We Must Retain West Bank to ’Assure Our Existence’.
GO The Times of Israel reports: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday said that Israel must maintain its military control over the West Bank in the event of a peace agreement with the Palestinians.
GO Piers Morgan: Streep’s Speech Was ’Worst Performance’ of Career.
GO Piers Morgan sharply criticized Meryl Streep’s   Trump Lifetime Achievement Award acceptance speech at the Golden Globes Sunday night, calling it “hypocritical” and “the worst performance of her career.
GO Oregon Man Accused of Trying to Shove Co-Worker Inside Wood Chipper.
GO An Oregon man who worked for a tree service company is accused of trying to shove his coworker inside a wood chipper.
GO Assad: Some Syrian Migrants Are ’Definitely’ Terrorists.
GO Some migrants coming into Western states as Syrian asylum seekers are “definitely” terrorists, the Syrian President Bashar   has said.
GO Rosie O’Donnell to Lead Anti-Trump Protest Outside White House.
GO Rosie O’Donnell is set to lead a rally in protest of Donald Trump in front of the White House Tuesday, just hours before the president delivers his first address to a joint session of Congress.
GO Preet Bharara: ’There’s Absolutely Evidence to Begin a Case’ for Obstruction of Justice Against Trump - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” former U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was fired by President Donald Trump earlier this year, said he believed there was “absolutely evidence to begin a case” for obstruction of justice against Trump.
GO LISTEN: Breitbart London’s Raheem Kassam Delivers Stirring Article 50 Day Message.
GO Breitbart London Editor in Chief Raheem Kassam has delivered a stirring monologue on Breitbart News Daily, celebrating Article 50 Day, reflecting on the journey which led us here, and looks forward to the opportunities Brexit will bring.
GO Car Plows Through ’Anti-Fascists’ After They Jump on Hood During Berkeley Riot - Breitbart.
GO A car plowed through a crowd of rioting “ ” on Wednesday, after they started to jump on the vehicle’s hood in protest of Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s show at UC Berkeley.
GO Obamacare on the Ropes as House Follows Senate in Voting to Repeal - Breitbart.
GO The House of Representatives voted Friday to approve Senate Concurrent Resolution 3, which sets in motion the repeal of President Barack Obama’s healthcare reform legislation, Obamacare, by a vote of    with nine Republicans voting against the repeal bill.
GO ’Dilbert’ Creator Scott Adams to Stop Donating to Alma Mater UC Berkeley - Breitbart.
GO Dilbert creator Scott Adams announced in a blog post that he will stop donating to this alma mater, UC Berkeley, in the aftermath of the riots that erupted on campus last week in response to a scheduled event featuring Breitbart editor MILO.
GO Graham: I Have a Reason to Believe a Conversation I Had with a Foreign Leader Was Unmasked - Breitbart.
GO Friday on Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said he had reason to believe his conversations with foreign leaders were requested to be “unmasked.
GO Lena Dunham on Instagram: Dad Taught Me How to Use Tampon.
GO Actress and   feminist activist Lena Dunham took to social media this week and shared that her dad taught her how to use a tampon and how that experience inspired her to invest in an organic tampon startup.
GO Popular Pro-Trump Account ’Pizza Party Ben’ Suspended by Twitter - Breitbart.
GO “Pizza Party Ben,” a popular   comedy account and friend of former Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos, was suspended without warning on Twitter early Friday.
GO College Student Who Accused Football Players with Rape Now Charged with Lying.
GO A student at Connecticut’s Sacred Heart University is now on the other side of accusations of wrongdoing after police charged her with filing a false report of rape against two college football players.
GO Tillerson: ‘Steps Are Under Way’ to Remove Assad From Power in Syria - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said “steps are under way” to form an international coalition to remove the president of Syria Bashar   after Tuesday’s chemical bombings in Syria.
GO Martha Stewart Gave a Portrait of Trump the Middle Finger at Art Fair - Breitbart.
GO Martha Stewart took a photo op between portraits of President Trump and Snoop Dogg Saturday at an art fair where she appeared to flip the bird at the president while flashing a peace sign towards the rapper.
GO John McCain in Munich: Trump Administration Is in ‘Disarray’.
GO Sen. John McCain wasted no time at the Munich Security Conference in Germany on Friday as he portrayed the Trump administration as being in a state of “disarray,” in contrast to the message of reassurance from administration officials.
GO Lily Allen Lost a Twitter Row with Tommy Robinson, Threatens Legal Action.
GO Singer Lily Allen appears to have threatened Tommy Robinson with legal action after the PEGIDA UK leader got the better of her during a heated   exchange on Twitter.
GO NBC’s Tur: Is Trump Going Down ’A Dangerous Path’ Because Putin Has Killed Journalists and Trump Criticizes Them? - Breitbart.
GO On Monday’s broadcast of “MSNBC Live,” host Katy Tur asked Senator Deb Fischer ( ) asked if she thought President Trump was heading down “a dangerous path” because Trump has avoided criticizing Vladimir Putin, Putin has killed journalists, and “Donald Trump has made no secret about going after journalists and his distaste for any news that doesn’t agree with him here.
GO The Senate Takes Up Health Care Reform - Breitbart.
GO The Senate will take up health care reform after a revised version of the American Health Care Act (AHCA) passed through the House last Thursday.
GO Pelosi: When Republicans Voted For Trump, It Was Like ’Any Mammal Will Do’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( ) said when Republicans voted for President Donald Trump they were voting a “certain way,” almost like “any mammal will do.
GO Trump: Confidence In Economy ’Has Reached Levels Not Seen In Many, Many Years’ - Breitbart.
GO During Friday’s Weekly Address, President Trump stated, “Confidence in the American economy has reached levels not seen in many, many years.
GO Supreme Court ends challenge to the Chesapeake Bay cleanup plan.
GO      The Supreme Court has declined to hear a challenge to the Chesapeake Bay cleanup plan, the largest attempt by the federal government and states to rid the pollution from a body of water and to restore its health.
GO Redskins will use franchise tag to retain the rights to Kirk Cousins.
GO        Despite holding out hope for an agreement on a   deal, the Washington Redskins and Kirk Cousins have failed to do so, and in turn, the team will use the franchise tag by today’s 4 p. m. deadline to ensure that it doesn’t lose the quarterback on the free agent market, which opens next week.
GO Former Chesapeake Energy CEO dies in crash a day after price-fixing indictment.
GO       Former Chesapeake Energy chief executive Aubrey McClendon, the embattled   of one of America’s largest natural gas producers, died Wednesday morning in a fiery car crash one day after he was charged in an Oklahoma   conspiracy.
GO Jim Webb: I could vote for Trump, but not Hillary.
GO      In an interview on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Reagan administration    senator from Virginia turned   presidential candidate Jim Webb said twice that he could not support Hillary Clinton if she won the Democratic nomination for president.
GO Pioneering approach to prevent peanut allergies in children provides ongoing protection, study shows.
GO      A pioneering approach to prevent peanut allergies in children offers them ongoing protection after the youngsters stop eating the peanut protein that immunized them against the potentially fatal reaction, according to a study released Friday.
GO Legendary tennis commentator Bud Collins dies at 86.
GO      Bud Collins, a passionate advocate for tennis whose relationship with the sport began more than a   ago, died Friday in his home in Brookline, Mass.
GO Mitt Romney isn’t exactly ruling out his presidential nomination.
GO      Mitt Romney isn’t trying to steal the Republican presidential nomination from the four remaining candidates.
GO Before she was first lady: Nancy Reagan’s acting career.
GO      Before her husband’s policies made history, before she told the world to “just say no” to drugs, before she set foot in the White House or California governor’s mansion, Nancy Reagan was a lady of Hollywood.
GO Erin Andrews awarded $55 million in peephole lawsuit.
GO        Erin Andrews has been awarded $55 million in her lawsuit against the owner of the Nashville hotel in which she was filmed while changing clothes in her room, the hotel’s former management group and the man who did it and uploaded the footage to the Internet.
GO Maria Sharapova provisionally suspended after admitting to failing drug test.
GO        Tennis star Maria Sharapova announced Monday afternoon that she failed a drug test at the Australian Open.
GO Pentagon official: ISIS Secretary of Defense likely killed in airstrike.
GO      Abu Omar   a top Islamic State leader, was likely killed in a series of coalition airstrikes near a strategic town in Syria last week, according to Pentagon officials.
GO Catholic cardinal displeased after Georgetown student group invites Planned Parenthood president to speak.
GO      Georgetown University is at odds in a   way again with Pope Francis confidante Cardinal Donald Wuerl after a student group invited Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards to speak on campus.
GO First U.S. uterus transplant removed after complication.
GO        The woman who received the first uterus transplant performed in the United States suffered a sudden complication that forced surgeons to remove the organ, the Cleveland Clinic announced Wednesday.
GO Trump, Rubio close in Fla. primary, Washington Post-Univision News poll shows.
GO    Donald Trump is in a tight contest with Marco Rubio in the Florida senator’s   Republican presidential primary, according to a new Washington   News poll.
GO Justice Dept. says Apple’s arguments in fight over locked iPhone are ‘a diversion’.
GO        The Justice Department said Thursday that Apple’s attempts at linking an ongoing fight over a locked iPhone to broader questions about encryption are “a diversion,” pushing back against an argument repeatedly made by the company and its supporters in Silicon Valley.
GO How these twins turned out to have different fathers.
GO      Toddler fraternal twins in Vietnam have been found to have different fathers in what experts call an ”extremely rare” case that came to light through a DNA test.
GO Berkeley law school dean resigns after sexual harassment complaint.
GO      University of California at Berkeley School of Law Dean Sujit Choudhry has resigned in the wake of a sexual harassment complaint, school officials announced Thursday.
GO This photo of a black man’s public hanging decorated a Joe’s Crab Shack table.
GO        Tyrone Williams and Chauntyll Allen said they went to Joe’s Crab Shack in Roseville, Minn. on Wednesday night for a friend’s early birthday dinner when they looked down at their table and saw it: a photograph, embedded inside of the table, depicting the public hanging of a black man.
GO The Saudi backlash to Obama’s Atlantic comments has begun.
GO      A senior member of the Saudi royal family has criticized comments made by Barack Obama in a recent magazine article, suggesting that the U. S. president’s harsh remarks about the kingdom were a ”curveball” in America’s relationship with one of its main Arab allies.
GO With Metrorail closed, here are some options for getting around Wednesday.
GO      With the Metrorail system set to shut down for 24 hours starting at midnight, lots of you are probably wondering how you’re going to get to work and school Wednesday.
GO Ken Burns and Henry Louis Gates Jr. on Donald Trump and Black Lives Matter.
GO      When documentarian Ken Burns and Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. kicked off a national speaking tour on race in Charleston, S. C. in December, Donald Trump’s run for the Republican presidential nomination was a disturbing phenomenon, but one that seemed likely to collapse once voters actually started going to the polls.
GO Missing Texas teen ‘in grave danger’ after her father is found dead.
GO Investigators in Texas are searching for a missing teenage girl who is “believed to be in grave or immediate danger” after her father was found dead on a rural property over the weekend, officials say.
GO Senate Democrats slam Republican blockade as Garland visits Capitol Hill.
GO        Senate Democrats roundly criticized their Republican colleagues for refusing to meet with and hold confirmation hearings for Merrick Garland, President Obama’s nominee to the Supreme Court, during his first official visit to Capitol Hill.
GO Mark Kirk is first Republican senator to call for vote on Garland.
GO      Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois on Friday became the first Republican senator to call for an    vote on Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland, saying on a Chicago radio show that his colleagues ought to “just man up and cast a vote.
GO Kansas professor who used racial slur in class is cleared of wrongdoing.
GO      A University of Kansas professor will get to keep her job after using a racial slur in class last fall, upsetting a group of graduate students, who said she has a history of discriminatory behavior and needs to be fired.
GO How Many Zika Cases Are There In Venezuela: 4,000 Or 400,000?.
GO The current Zika outbreak got its start in Brazil, and that country is still the epicenter of the outbreak.
GO Army, Marine Corps Generals Say Women Should Have To Register For The Draft.
GO For the first time, top Army and Marine Corps leaders have testified that they think women should register for the draft.
GO 5 Things You Should Know Before The New Hampshire Primary.
GO With the Iowa caucuses in the books, the focus of the political world has shifted to the      state, New Hampshire.
GO Zika May Not Spread In Saliva Or Urine, Health Officials Say.
GO U. S. health experts cautioned Friday that the apparent discovery of the Zika virus in saliva and urine from people in Brazil does not necessarily mean the virus can be spread by more casual contact with infected people, such as through kissing.
GO New Hampshire Republican Debate: 3 Things To Watch Saturday Night.
GO When seven of the nine remaining Republican candidates meet Saturday for their final debate before the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday, several of them will be facing their last chance to stay in the race.
GO Folklore For Hipsters: Fairy Tales Before They Were Cool.
GO Reading The Tale of Tales, Giambattisa Basile’s   book of fairy stories, is both exhilarating and exhausting.
GO Zika In French Polynesia: It Struck Hard In 2013, Then Disappeared.
GO Before Zika swept across most of Latin America and the Caribbean, the largest outbreak ever recorded had been in French Polynesia.
GO Former LA Sheriff Lee Baca Pleads Guilty To Making False Statements.
GO Former Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca, who has been embroiled in a scandal involving reports of prisoner abuse and an alleged conspiracy to cover it up, has pleaded guilty to making false statements, the Department of Justice announced Wednesday.
GO Federal Grand Jury Said To Begin Hearing Evidence In Eric Garner Case.
GO A federal grand jury is said to have begun hearing evidence in the case of Eric Garner, an unarmed black man who died after he was placed in a chokehold by a white police officer, NPR’s Joel Rose reports, citing two sources familiar with the investigation.
GO 5 Opinions From Justice Antonin Scalia That Are Worth A Read .
GO One thing that is undeniable about Justice Antonin Scalia is that his opinions were always a good read.
GO Obama Won’t Appoint Scalia Replacement While Senate Is Out This Week .
GO The White House says the president will not move to appoint a Supreme Court replacement for Justice Antonin Scalia while the Senate is in recess this week.
GO Last Of ’Angola 3’ Released After More Than 40 Years In Solitary Confinement .
GO Albert Woodfox, who has been held in solitary confinement for more than 40 years, walked out of a Louisiana prison early this afternoon.
GO 5 Things To Watch In Saturday’s Nevada And South Carolina Elections.
GO Another big caucus day and primary night on Saturday, when Democrats go to their caucus sites in Nevada, and Republicans go to the polls in South Carolina.
GO Antonin Scalia Lies In Repose As Mourners Pay Respects At Supreme Court.
GO A long line of mourners queued up to pay their respects to late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, whose body is now lying in repose at the Great Hall of the Supreme Court.
GO VIDEO: Taking Out The Trash At The Space Station.
GO Today was trash day on the International Space Station, and as you might expect, it’s not as simple as rolling a can out to the curb.
GO The Measure Of Harper Lee: A Life Shaped By A Towering Text.
GO Peering back across Harper Lee’s life, it can seem impossible to distinguish the novelist from her masterpiece, To Kill a Mockingbird.
GO Trump Wins South Carolina; Rubio Edges Out Cruz For Second.
GO Donald Trump has won the South Carolina primary, while Florida Sen. Marco Rubio appears to have edged out Texas Sen. Ted Cruz for second place.
GO Watch: Sanders Claims He’s the Best Dem Candidate to Take on Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO During Sunday’s Democratic presidential debate on NBC, Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) argued he would be the best candidate of he and his opponent Hillary Clinton to take on Republican presidential   Donald Trump.
GO Philippines President Calls Obama A ‘Son Of A Bitch,’ Obama Threatens To Cancel Meeting - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama is threatening to cancel a meeting with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte after the fiery political figure called the U. S. president a “son of a bitch.
GO Obama: I’m ‘Tired’ of Talking About Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama is on vacation, but it appears that Donald Trump’s presidential run is still weighing on him even as he spends most of his time on the golf course.
GO University of Houston Professor: Pledge of Allegiance and National Anthem Glosses Over ’Racist History’ - Breitbart.
GO Professor Gerald Horne, Chair of History and   studies at the University of Houston, has claimed that because Americans continue to recite the Pledge of Allegiance and sing the National Anthem, the country as a whole must therefore be in denial of its “racist history.
GO Donald Trump Booed in Maryland for Praising Tom Brady - Breitbart.
GO At a rally in Maryland Wednesday, GOP presidential   Donald Trump brought up his friend and New England Patriots star quarterback Tom Brady.
GO Panama Papers Scandal Hits the Clinton Campaign.
GO Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, has ties to Russia’s Sberbank, which has been implicated in the “Panama Papers”   scandal.
GO Julian Assange Claims Russia Wasn’t Involved in DNC Hack - Breitbart.
GO Julian Assange, the editor of Wikileaks, has now suggested that Russia was not behind the hack which leaked 20, 000 DNC emails, as previously thought.
GO Carlos Slim Loses $5 Billion After Trump Victory - Breitbart.
GO The richest man in Mexico has lost quite a bit of his net worth since   Donald Trump’s presidential victory.
GO Trump’s Pick to Run Labor Dept. Tweets Thanks to Jeb Bush, Eric Cantor - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump’s new pick to run the Department of Labor is being congratulated by defeated GOP establishment leaders Jeb Bush and Eric Cantor, both of whom get booted out of politics for their efforts to increase   immigration.
GO Lis Smith: Donald Trump a ’Racist,’ ’Fascist’ and ’Xenophobe’ - Breitbart.
GO Saturday, while discussing who had the best week, former deputy Martin O’Malley campaign manager and Obama 2012 campaign aide Lis Smith said on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” that presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump is a “racist,” “fascist” and “xenophobe.
GO Halo ’Forge’ Comes to Windows 10 - Breitbart.
GO Microsoft and 343 Industries are bringing Halo 5‘s Forge Mode to Windows 10.
GO Pat Caddell: Breitbart/Gravis Poll Shows Trump’s Opportunities.
GO Pioneering political pollster Pat Caddell told Breitbart News that the Aug. 9   national presidential poll revealed places where Republican nominee Donald J. Trump can pick up support from parts of the electorate usually associated with the Democrats and assigned to the Democratic nominee Hillary R.
GO Jon Voight: ’Let Donald Trump Know We Are Completely Behind Him’.
GO As controversy surrounding an old audio recording continues to swirl around Donald Trump, actor Jon Voight is calling on Republican voters to let the Republican presidential candidate know they are “completely behind him.
GO 16 Celebrities Who Will Leave the U.S. if Trump Wins.
GO With Election Day polls opening up across the country on Tuesday, some of Hollywood’s most progressive celebrities have got their bags packed just in case Republican Donald Trump prevails over Democrat Hillary Clinton.
GO Obama: I Haven’t Given Cuba a List of Political Prisoners During This Visit, But Have Done So ’In the Past’ - Breitbart.
GO During an interview with ABC on Monday, President Obama stated that the US has given Cuba a list of political prisoners “in the past,” but declined to say he had done so during this visit in response to Raúl Castro’s declaration that he would release political prisoners if he was given a list of them.
GO RNC Chair Priebus: I Think Ryan Will Soon Endorse Trump - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus said he thinks Speaker of the House Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) will endorse presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump “not too much longer in the distant future.
GO Ben Shapiro to Megyn Kelly: Breitbart Would Call for Lewandowski’s Firing if He Were on Hillary Campaign - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday night, Breitbart News senior    and Daily Wire    Ben Shapiro appeared on The Kelly File on Fox News to discuss Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields’ alleged assault at the hands of Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski.
GO Migrants Will Cost Germany €20 Billion In 2016.
GO Germany will spend more than €20 billion on ‘refugees’ in 2016, one of the world’s top trade research centres has reported.
GO WATCH: Lady Gaga Sings National Anthem at Super Bowl 50 - Breitbart.
GO Lady Gaga delivered an emotional performance of the National Anthem ahead of Super Bowl 50, and the early consensus on social media is that she nailed it.
GO Watch: Joey Chestnut Sets Hot Dog Eating Record by Eating 70 in 10 Minutes - Breitbart.
GO Professional eater Joey “Jaws” Chestnut reclaimed the International Hot Dog Eating Contest title on Monday at the annual July Fourth Nathan’s Famous hot dog eating contest by shoving 70 hot dogs down his throat in 10 minutes, breaking his 2013 record of 69.
GO Poll: Donald Trump Takes Lead in Florida - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump is holding a narrow lead over Hillary Clinton in Florida, according to the latest Florida Atlantic University poll.
GO LISTEN: Obama Has Turned A ’Blind Eye’ To Louisiana, Says Former State Senator.
GO Former Louisiana State Senator Elbert Guillory has accused President Barack Obama of turning a “blind eye” to the flooding in the state, saying he does not seem to care about the plight of poor black people.
GO Obama: I Am The Populist, Not Donald Trump.
GO President Barack Obama defied the notion that Donald Trump was leading a populist revolution, quibbling with the media’s branding of the historic rise of the billionaire’s run for president.
GO Manafort: Hillary Is the ’Epitome of the Establishment’ Rejected in Brexit Vote - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort said the Democratic presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton is the “epitome of the establishment” that was rejected by the voters of the Untied Kingdom in the Brexit vote.
GO Poll: Donald Trump Leads Romney, McCain with Hispanics.
GO Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump has more support from Hispanic voters than both 2008 GOP nominee Sen. John McCain ( ) and 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney had during their general elections in 2008 and 2012.
GO Trump -- or Clinton -- Will Decide Fate of the Second Amendment.
GO Whether Americans will continue to have a Second Amendment right to own guns now depends on whether Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton wins the White House.
GO Hillary: I Have Experience with Men ‘Off The Reservation’ Like Trump - Breitbart.
GO During an interview with Jake Tapper that was broadcast on CNN on Friday, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said she is not worried about Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s attacks on her because she has “a lot of experience dealing with men who sometimes get off the reservation, and the way they behave, and how they speak.
GO Noonan: Voters Are ‘Endorsing’ Trump, ‘Rebuking’ GOP Leadership - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on “CBS This Morning,” Wall Street Journal columnist and former speechwriter for President Ronald Reagan Peggy Noonan said the millions of Donald Trump voters were not just “endorsing Trump, but “rebuking” the GOP leadership in Washington, DC as well.
GO Watch: Trump Delivers South Carolina Victory Speech - Breitbart.
GO On Saturday, GOP presidential   Donald Trump gave his victory speech after coming out on top in the South Carolina primary.
GO Report: Clinton Supporter Lit Flag on Fire, Attacked Trump Supporter - Breitbart.
GO Police in Pittsburgh, PA say a Hillary Clinton supporter lit a flag on fire near a group of Donald Trump supporters and attacked a man Saturday near a   event, according to CBS report.
GO Peter Thiel: If You Don’t Conform, They Don’t Count You as Diverse - Breitbart.
GO During an address at the National Press Club on Monday, PayPal   and billionaire Trump supporter Peter Thiel reacted to LGBT magazine The Advocate and their article that claimed he couldn’t be a homosexual if he was a conservative, declaring, “If you don’t conform, then you don’t count as diverse.
GO Donald Trump: Hillary’s Syria Policy Would Lead to ’World War Three’ - Breitbart.
GO (REUTERS) U. S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Democrat Hillary Clinton’s plan for Syria would “lead to World War Three,” because of the potential for conflict with military forces from   Russia.
GO Bernie Sanders Supporter Charged After Crushing Pro-Trump Roadside Sign - Breitbart.
GO Local police in Missouri charged a Bernie Sanders supporter with a political    with reckless driving, and with failing to maintain   after he posted a dashboard video showing how he crushed a Donald Trump r0adside sign.
GO Maher: I Disagree With Obama on Bringing In Refugees - Breitbart.
GO On Friday, HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher argued that in many parts of the Muslim world, saying that you would protect gay people wouldn’t get applause like it did at the RNC, and that he disagrees with the Obama administration’s plan to bring in refugees from Syria, Afghanistan, and Iraq.
GO Iran State TV Announces ‘Prisoner Swap Deal’ for Four Americans Held in Iran - Breitbart.
GO Iran State TV station FARS announced Saturday morning that four American   prisoners were released from Iranian custody in a “prisoner swap” with the United States.
GO Putin Moves Missiles Closer to Europe: ’We Are Concerned by NATO’s Decision-Making’.
GO Russian media have reported that     missiles and Iskander ballistic missiles will be moved to Kaliningrad, which borders on Poland and Lithuania, because President Vladimir Putin is “concerned” about NATO expansion and the deployment of U. S. missile shield technology in Europe.
GO EXCLUSIVE - Alan Dershowitz: ‘Problem’ to be a Democrat and Care About American Exceptionalism, Israel.
GO Liberal Democrats who care about American exceptionalism, Israel, the Middle East, and America’s role in the world will have a “problem” and those who champion such issues will always be in a state of conflict, declared Alan Dershowitz, a staunch Democrat and emeritus law professor at Harvard University.
GO Watch: Hillary Clinton Has Another Coughing Spell - Breitbart.
GO Thursday in California, Democratic   Hillary Clinton had another coughing episode during her campaign rally.
GO Conway: Had This Been a Race for the Popular Vote, Trump Would Have Won That Too - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,”   Donald Trump’s campaign manager and transition adviser Kellyanne Conway argued if the race had been for the popular vote, the Trump campaign would have won that as well.
GO Dallas Morning News Takes Subscription Hit for Clinton Pick.
GO The Dallas Morning News has taken a hit in subscriptions after its early September endorsement of Hillary Clinton.
GO Harry Reid Blames Donald Trump for Violence Against Trump Supporters - Breitbart.
GO As violence against Donald Trump supporters continues, Sen. Harry Reid ( ) is blaming Donald Trump, while other Democratic leaders and the media remain silent and refuse to condemn the attacks.
GO Rapper Kendrick Lamar to Perform at White House on July Fourth - Breitbart.
GO Rapper Kendrick Lamar will perform at the White House on the Fourth of July while President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama host military heroes and their families, the White House announced Friday.
GO Japanese Theme Park Apologizes for Freezing 5,000 Fish into Skating Rink, Closes Attraction.
GO A Japanese theme park has apologized for freezing 5, 000 fish into the floor of an ice skating rink and has closed the attraction after facing backlash from the public.
GO Obama: ’No Contradiction Between Honoring Police and Recognizing the Racial Disparities That Exist In Our Criminal Justice System’ - Breitbart.
GO During Saturday’s Weekly Address, President Obama argued that “there is no contradiction between honoring police and recognizing the racial disparities that exist in our criminal justice system, and trying to fix these discrepancies.
GO Sahara Desert Gets First Snowfall in 37 Years.
GO The Sahara Desert experienced its first snowfall in   years, according to images taken Monday afternoon.
GO MSNBC’s Hayes: ’Wasserman Schultz Vastly Prefers Hillary,’ Doing What She Can Institutionally To ’Facilitate’ Her Winning - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s “MSNBC Live,” MSNBC host Chris Hayes argued that while Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton “has won more votes” DNC Chair Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) “vastly prefers Hillary Clinton to be the nominee, obviously, and to the extent that there are things that can be done institutionally and marginally to facilitate that outcome, they are being done.
GO Target Employee Arrested for Allegedly Recording Boy in Restroom.
GO An employee of retail giant Target was arrested in Columbus, Ohio, after a    boy reported that the employee was taking video of unsuspecting customers in the store’s restroom.
GO Dowd: You’ve Got to Put Hillary’s Picture on a Milk Carton to Find Her - Breitbart.
GO Friday on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” former strategist for George W. Bush Matthew Dowd said in light of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s minimal campaigning schedule and lack of a press conference, “It’s almost as if you have to put her face on a milk carton to find her.
GO Trump Camp: Ted Cruz Is ’The Reason Why Obamatrade’ Passed - Breitbart.
GO “The reason why Obamatrade became law is because of Ted Cruz,” said Donald Trump’s senior policy advisor Stephen Miller on Monday’s program of Breitbart News Daily.
GO Glenn Beck: Matt Drudge and Breitbart ‘Are Nothing But Shills for Trump,’ But We’re Not ‘Shills for Cruz’ - Breitbart.
GO On his radio show Wednesday, Glenn Beck blasted Matt Drudge of the Drudge Report and Breitbart News as “nothing but shills” for GOP frontrunner Donald Trump, but Beck stated that he and his staff have “proven” themselves “not to be shills” for Ted Cruz.
GO German Politician Caught Smuggling African Migrant.
GO A politician from the German Left Party is being investigated by police after apparently smuggling an underage African migrant into Germany.
GO Hillary Clinton Next to Cardinal Dolan at Al Smith Dinner One Day After Defending Partial Birth Abortion - Breitbart.
GO Just one day after defending   partial birth abortion in the third presidential debate, Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton was seated next to New York archbishop Cardinal Timothy Dolan at the annual Al Smith Dinner charity fundraiser.
GO University of Iowa Gives Growing Muslim Student Population Prayer Space - Breitbart.
GO The University of Iowa (UI) has dedicated two rooms of the Iowa Memorial Union as a prayer space for its growing Muslim student population, which is required to pray five times per day.
GO CBS’s John Dickerson Tries To Link Omar Mateen To Gun Shows - Breitbart.
GO Face the Nation host John Dickerson twice asked Attorney General Loretta Lynch if alleged Orlando attacker Omar Mateen had tried to get guns at a “gun show.
GO Harry Reid: Trump Must Rescind Steve Bannon’s Appointment.
GO Outgoing U. S. senator Harry Reid called for   Donald Trump to rescind his appointment of Stephen K. Bannon (aka “Steve Bannon” to those who want to maximize their SEO) as White House Chief Strategist on the Senate floor Tuesday afternoon.
GO Is It Too Late to Save the Two-State Solution?.
GO In the spring of 2013, Secretary of State John Kerry declared that time was running out to find a   solution to the   conflict.
GO When Bigotry Paraded Through the Streets.
GO On August 8, 1925, more than 50, 000 members of the Ku Klux Klan paraded through Washington, D. C. Some walked in lines as wide as 20 abreast, while others created formations of the letter K or a Christian cross.
GO The Dangerous Myth That Hillary Clinton Ignored the Working Class.
GO Perhaps the clearest takeaway from the November election for many liberals is that Hillary Clinton lost because she ignored the working class.
GO Why Trump Wants to Ground the Next Air Force One .
GO One of the sacrifices Donald Trump will have to make upon taking the oath of office is that the famous    will have to give up his own   airplane for a bigger, far costlier one: Air Force One.
GO Are Democrats Wasting Their Time Taking On the Electoral College?.
GO As Donald Trump’s inauguration draws near, Democrats are channeling time and energy into   political fights focused on the Electoral College.
GO The Secret to Westworld’s Success Is in Its Music.
GO    The official Westworld score has been released, and it’s worth a listen for anyone curious about exactly how an ambitious but deeply flawed   philosophy riff became such a big hit for HBO.
GO How to Predict a Baby’s First Word.
GO After about a year, give or take, of staring and babbling, babies eventually begin to say their first words.
GO President Obama’s Approval Rating Is the Highest in Years.
GO President Obama is leaving office on a high point, though that may be cold comfort as his successor Donald Trump prepares to dismantle major components of his agenda at home and abroad.
GO Donald Trump Won’t Divest From His Business Before Entering Office.
GO Despite pronouncements to the contrary, it now seems that   Donald J. Trump will not completely separate himself from his business before he takes office.
GO The Day My Father Lost His Country.
GO A few days after Donald Trump won the presidency, my father told me a story about his childhood.
GO 10 Elections to Watch in 2017.
GO Millions of people around the world went to the polls this year.
GO Having It All—and Hating It.
GO This is the second story in a   series looking at women’s ambitions in the years following college.
GO The Morality of Banking in It’s a Wonderful Life.
GO Seventy years after its release, Frank Capra’s It’s a Wonderful Life remains a holiday classic, with warm and fuzzy messages about the importance of love and family.
GO What We Know About the Syrian Ceasefire Announced by Putin.
GO Updated at 10:05 a. m. ET, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Thursday the Syrian government and rebels opposed to President Bashar   have reached a ceasefire to end the fighting in the     civil war.
GO Jimmy Fallon Tries to Take On Trump.
GO So it’s no surprise that Fallon, who has strived for impartiality in a   world dominated by partisan figures like Seth Meyers, John Oliver, and Samantha Bee, is now trying to be tougher on Donald Trump.
GO Should We Die?.
GO “No,” he said, assuredly.
GO Milo Yiannopoulos and the Church of Winning.
GO This year, aside from President Trump himself, activist Milo Yiannopoulos was briefly granted a featured speaking slot, and it caused a lot of disruption,   gnashing of teeth, and   on the right.
GO A Border Wall by 2020? Doubt It.
GO Within days of taking the oath of office in January, Trump began laying the groundwork for the construction of a series of walls and fences that would span some 1, 250 miles along the border.
GO The Facebook Algorithm Is Watching You.
GO That’s why Facebook’s various “Like” buttons are so powerful.
GO Will Elon Musk Send the First Woman to the Moon?.
GO On Monday, Elon Musk announced that his company SpaceX would send two space tourists on the journey next year, but said little about who they were.
GO Is Target Losing Its Cool?.
GO One reason Target’s store sales are declining is that, like many   stores, the company is locked in competition with Amazon.
GO What Putin Is Up To.
GO President Vladimir Putin was a KGB officer for 15 years leading up to the fall of the Soviet Union, and the director of domestic intelligence in the late 1990s during his meteoric rise to power.
GO Republican Lawmakers Call for Sessions to Recuse Himself.
GO Republican lawmakers have called for Attorney General Jeff Sessions to step aside from oversight of the investigation into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russian officials.
GO Why Sweden Brought Back the Draft.
GO On Thursday, less than seven years later, Sweden formally announced it is bringing conscription back.
GO How Large Should the Circle Around a Writer Be?.
GO Literature is the freedom to say anything, the authority to combine words any way you wish.
GO ’Vote for Woman’: How Africa Got Its First Female President.
GO The women of Liberia, who had borne the brunt of the country’s violence, knew who they wanted it was largely they who, in an enormous showing of political resolve, made Johnson Sirleaf Liberia’s first female president, and the first elected female head of state in Africa.
GO Kong: Skull Island Is a Likable Near-Miss.
GO This is the opening line of Kong: Skull Island, and it comes across today as more knowing even than it presumably did when the scene was shot.
GO Is This Going to Kill Me?: Beauty Parlor Stroke Syndrome.
GO Besides being a term perfectly engineered to startle those of us with easily startled dispositions, “beauty parlor stroke syndrome” describes a phenomenon by which extending one’s neck over the ledge of a sink can diminish blood supply to the brain, potentially causing a stroke.
GO Trump And Putin To Speak By Phone On Saturday.
GO Russia’s President Vladimir Putin will congratulate President Trump on his election, in what the Kremlin says is the first phone call between the two since Trump was inaugurated last weekend.
GO At Pentagon, Trump Declares His Aim Of ’Rebuilding’ The Military.
GO Updated 5:30 p. m. ET, President Trump paid his first presidential visit to the top brass at the Pentagon on Friday afternoon and announced his intention to provide a wide range of new resources for the U. S. military.
GO Serena Williams Defeats Sister Venus To Take 23rd Grand Slam Title.
GO Tennis star Serena Williams has taken her   23rd Grand Slam singles title with a win against her sister Venus at the Australian Open Saturday.
GO With National Security Council Shakeup, Steve Bannon Gets A Seat At The Table.
GO President Trump has reorganized the National Security Council by elevating his chief strategist, Steve Bannon, and demoting the director of National Intelligence and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
GO Obama Criticizes Trump’s Travel Ban, Says ’Values Are At Stake’.
GO Former President Barack Obama has criticized President Trump’s immigration and travel ban issued on Friday, saying through a spokesman that he is ”heartened by the level of engagement” over the weekend in opposition to the action.
GO Is Today’s Google Doodle A Poke At The Trump Administration?.
GO Alphabet, the parent company of Google, is among the tech firms that are critical of the Trump administration’s executive order barring Muslim immigrants from certain countries.
GO 6 People Killed In Shooting At Quebec City Mosque.
GO Updated at 1:30 p. m. ET, Police in Quebec City have arrested a suspect following a shooting at a mosque there that left six people dead and wounded eight others Sunday night.
GO A Pinworm Medication Is Being Tested As A Potential Anti-Cancer Drug.
GO Cancer researchers are testing whether a generic drug that has been used for more than 40 years to treat parasitic infections may also help fight cancer.
GO Trump’s Immigration Order Is ’Not A Ban On Muslims,’ Homeland Security Chief Says.
GO Updated at 4:15 p. m. ET, Homeland Security officials are defending the Trump administration’s executive order on immigration and refugees, along with its implementation.
GO President Trump To Senate Leader: ’Go Nuclear’ To Confirm Gorsuch.
GO President Trump has two words of advice for Mitch McConnell when it comes to confirming Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch: ”Go nuclear.” Trump was referring to the   nuclear option, whereby the Senate leader would change the chamber’s rules to prevent Democrats from filibustering the nominee.
GO World’s Most Destructive Stone Marten Goes On Display In The Netherlands.
GO The remains of the world’s most destructive stone marten are now on display at a museum in Rotterdam, Netherlands.
GO Donations To Burned Texas Mosque Top $1 Million In Outpouring Of Support.
GO Days after fire destroyed the Victoria Islamic Center in Victoria, Texas, donations to rebuild the mosque have passed $1 million.
GO Despite Turmoil, Latinos In California Are Prospering.
GO It’s been a tense week for immigrants and people of color throughout the country, but there was some good news in California: a new study by the advocacy group National Council of La Raza points out that the state’s Latinos, as a group, are doing much better in many areas.
GO WATCH: In Hawaii, A ’Firehose’ Of Lava Pours Into The Ocean .
GO Researchers in Hawaii have captured dramatic footage of a ”firehose” of   lava plummeting down a cliff into the Pacific Ocean, sending fragments of lava and clouds of gray smoke into the sky.
GO Senate Republicans Bypass Another Boycott By Democrats To Advance EPA Nominee.
GO For the second time in as many days, a Senate committee’s GOP leadership has bypassed a boycott by Democrats to advance President Trump’s Cabinet nominees.
GO That ’Valuable Intel’ From The Yemen Raid? It Was 10 Years Old.
GO A terrorist video released on Friday by the Pentagon to show what it called intelligence gleaned by the recent raid in Yemen actually was made about 10 years ago, it acknowledged.
GO After 2 Weeks In Office, Trump Faces More Than 50 Lawsuits.
GO Donald Trump has been president for two weeks, and he is already facing dozens of lawsuits over White House policies and his personal business dealings.
GO Cairo’s Islamic Art Museum Reopens 3 Years After A Car Bomb Damaged It.
GO It took a car bomb to get the funds to renovate Egypt’s Museum of Islamic Art, but three years later, a restored museum with modern galleries has reopened to showcase the museum’s historic treasures.
GO Israel Passes Law Retroactively Legalizing Settler Homes On Palestinian Land.
GO Israel’s parliament has passed a law that retroactively legalizes almost 4, 000 settler homes built unlawfully on private Palestinian land in the West Bank, a move that critics say is a massive blow to any future peace deal.
GO Amnesty International Reports Organized Murder Of Detainees In Syrian Prison.
GO Updated at 10:25 a. m. ET on Feb. 7, A newly released report by Amnesty International alleges a widespread and systematic attack by Syria’s government against its civilian population, including murder, torture, enforced disappearances and extermination carried out at a military prison called Saydnaya.
GO 2 Cities To Pull More Than $3 Billion From Wells Fargo Over Dakota Access Pipeline.
GO Seattle’s City Council has voted to not renew its contract with Wells Fargo, in a move that cites the bank’s role as a lender to the Dakota Access Pipeline project as well as its creation of millions of bogus accounts.
GO Red Cross Says 6 Of Its Workers Were Killed By Unknown Assailants In Afghanistan.
GO The International Committee of the Red Cross says six of its staff members were shot dead and two are missing after their convoy was attacked by unknown assailants in Afghanistan.
GO After Years Of Uneventful Check-Ins, Arizona Woman Is Arrested, Deported.
GO Updated at 2:49 p. m. ET, An Arizona woman who has lived in the U. S. for more than two decades was arrested Wednesday night after her regular   with immigration officials and has been deported to Mexico.
GO Thousands More Troops Needed To Break Afghanistan ’Stalemate,’ General Warns.
GO Thousands more troops and billions more dollars are needed to break the war in Afghanistan out of a ”stalemate,” the top U. S. commander in Afghanistan warned Congress on Thursday.
GO Mexicans In The U.S. Are Sending Home More Money Than Ever.
GO Migrants from Latin America and the Caribbean are sending more money to their families back home than ever before.
GO Matt Lauer mercilessly grills Hillary Clinton on her use of a private email server.
GO ’   Matt Lauer grilled Hillary Clinton on Wednesday evening over her   handling of classified information and use of a private email   server while she was secretary of state.
GO Larry Ellison just spent an hour trashing Amazon’s $10 billion cloud.
GO ’’ ”Larry Ellison used most of his   keynote session slot at this week’s Oracle Open World conference in San Francisco to trash Amazon and its $10 billion Amazon Web Services cloud computing platform.” ’Amazon has emerged as an unlikely rival to Oracle, .’ ’Today, Ellison fired back by detailing in great depth all the ways in which the upgraded, ”second generation” Oracle Cloud, announced this week, purportedly beats Amazon Web Services.’ ’”Ellison says.’ ”Chief among Ellison’s criticisms of Amazon Web Services: ” ’”You know when I’’m talking about Amazon, I’’m being nothing but fair.
GO Charlotte police have released videos of the fatal shooting of Keith Lamont Scott.
GO ’’ ’The police department in Charlotte, North Carolina, released two videos on Saturday of the fatal police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott.’ ”One video, taken from one of the officer’s body cameras, shows police trying to access the SUV Scott is sitting in.
GO Minecraft for iPhone and Android is about to get a lot better.
GO ’’ ”It’s official: On October 18th, Minecraft Pocket Edition for iPhone and Android will get the   Boss Update, bringing new   battles with intimidating enemies like the Wither and the Elder Guardian.” ’Minecraft for Windows 10 and the Samsung Gear VR will get that update, too.’ ’But while ”boss” may be in the name, the biggest and coolest change is a little more subtle: This update will bring ”” which are custom modifications, or ”mods,” that anybody can make.
GO The head of Yahoo’s popular finance app says he knew the redesign was going to ’piss some people off’.
GO ’’ ’The product team at Yahoo Finance had a hard time sleeping for the whole week leading up to the big redesign in July.’ ”It’s not because they weren’t confident, says Michael La Guardia, the head of product for both Yahoo Finance and Sports, but because of the drastic changes he was about to bring to one of Yahoo’s most popular products ever.” ’’ ’’ ’’ ’But La Guardia says the change was necessary to improve the overall product.
GO Top Trump spokesman won’t admit unscientific online polls are ’bogus’ in cringeworthy interview.
GO ’   A top spokesman for Donald Trump refused to admit Thursday that   unscientific online polls are “bogus” when pressed repeatedly by   MSNBC host Chuck Todd.
GO CNN host battles Rudy Giuliani on Trump’s refusal to release tax returns: You should not be proud of that.
GO ’   CNN anchor Jake Tapper clashed with Rudy Giuliani during a Sunday   morning interview, telling the former New York City mayor that he   should not be proud of Donald Trump refusal to publicly release   his tax records.
GO U.K. Prime Minister Calls For Early Election.
GO British Prime Minister Theresa May has announced that she is calling for an early election on June 8, describing it as the ”only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead” as the U. K. prepares to negotiate its exit from the European Union.
GO Bill O’Reilly Is Out At Fox News.
GO Updated at 6:15 p. m. ET, Fox News is parting ways with Bill O’Reilly, who for years stood as one of cable news’ most popular hosts.
GO House Oversight Chair Jason Chaffetz Will Not Seek Re-Election.
GO Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, announced that he will not run for   in 2018 and will not seek any public office next year.
GO 5 Things You Should Know About Jason Chaffetz.
GO As chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Rep. Jason Chaffetz,   has pushed investigations into the Secret Service following security lapses at the White House, and he aggressively challenged Planned Parenthood.
GO Iran Sticks To Nuclear Deal, But U.S. Says It Will Review Sanctions .
GO As President Trump wages a rhetorical battle with North Korea over its nuclear program, his secretary of state says the nuclear deal with Iran will now be placed under review.
GO 1 Officer Killed, 2 Wounded In Shooting On Paris’ Champs Elysees.
GO Updated at 8:05 p. m. ET, One police officer is dead and two seriously wounded after a shooting on Paris’ famous Champs Elysees, in an incident that left one attacker dead.
GO Soccer Team Bus Bombing Was Part Of Stock Option Plot, German Prosecutors Say.
GO German federal prosecutors say the bombing of a soccer team’s bus in Dortmund, Germany, was carried out by a man apparently attempting to manipulate the team’s stock for profit.
GO Mexicans No Longer Make Up Majority Of Immigrants In U.S. Illegally.
GO For the first time in more than a decade, Mexicans no longer make up the majority of immigrants staying in the U. S. illegally, according to new estimates by the Pew Research Center.
GO Robert Siegel Stepping Down As ’All Things Considered’ Host In 2018.
GO Robert Siegel, whose career with NPR has spanned more than four decades, will be stepping down as   of NPR’s All Things Considered next year.
GO ESPN Layoffs Begin, And Some 100 Employees May Lose Jobs.
GO Reporters and   personalities are among the roughly 100 ESPN employees who are expected to lose their jobs this week, in a   move at the network that has lost millions of subscribers in recent years.
GO Michael Flynn Is The Subject Of A Pentagon Investigation.
GO The Pentagon is investigating whether Michael Flynn broke the law by receiving money from a foreign source after retiring from the service, according to a letter written by the Department of Defense’s acting inspector general to House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz.
GO United Airlines Settles With Passenger Dragged From Plane.
GO Updated on   at 1:15 p. m. ET, United Airlines and lawyers for the passenger seen on video being dragged from a United airliner in Chicago say the man has reached ”an amicable settlement” with the airline.
GO Because I Was Harmed.
GO Unlike my fellow Americans, the news of a Detroit doctor being arrested for performing female genital   ( ) did not shock me.
GO In Utah, How You Tread Through This Canyon Matters.
GO Phil Lyman cared so much about what he sees as his right to drive   vehicles into Recapture Canyon, he went to jail for it.
GO What We Learned About The Mood Of Trump’s Tweets.
GO On the week marking President Trump’s 100 days in office, his mood on Twitter was much less positive than it had been in the previous few weeks.
GO Fact Check: Could Andrew Jackson Have Stopped The Civil War, As Trump Said?.
GO In an interview on SiriusXM Monday afternoon, President Donald Trump wondered aloud about why the Civil War wasn’t ”worked out” and whether Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the war started, could’ve prevented the bloodiest war in U. S. history.
GO United Against Trump, May Day Protests Expected To Swell.
GO Marches in support of worker rights and labor unions are taking place around the world Monday, dubbed ”May Day.” Here in the U. S. they’re expected to draw larger than usual crowds due to President Trump’s efforts to crack down on immigration.
GO Severe Weather Kills At Least 14 People Across 5 Southern States.
GO Updated at 1 p. m. ET, People are taking stock of the damage after severe weather over the weekend killed at least 14 people in five Southern states.
GO Cities Can Sue Big Banks Over Effects Of Discriminatory Practices, Supreme Court Says.
GO The city of Miami can sue Wells Fargo and Bank of America for damages under the Fair Housing Act, the Supreme Court says, allowing a lawsuit to continue that accuses the big banks of causing economic harm with discriminatory and predatory lending practices.
GO THAAD Missile System In South Korea Is Now Operational, U.S. Says .
GO An American THAAD missile defense system is now operational in South Korea, less than two months after its components arrived there, the U. S. military says.
GO Colonel Bruce Hampton Dies After Collapsing On Stage During His Own Birthday Concert.
GO Colonel Bruce Hampton, guitarist and respected elder statesman of the   community, died Monday night after collapsing on stage during the encore of his own birthday celebration.
GO Obama Presidential Center Design Unveiled.
GO The design for the Obama Presidential Center was unveiled Wednesday at an event attended by former President Obama and Michelle Obama.
GO Pulse Nightclub Owner Announces Plans For Memorial.
GO The owner of the Pulse Nightclub, the site of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U. S. history, has announced plans to turn it into a memorial and museum to commemorate the tragic event.
GO Canadian Court Clears Activist Who Gave Water To Pigs.
GO A court in Ontario, Canada, has cleared an animal rights activist charged with criminal mischief for giving water to pigs en route to the slaughterhouse.
GO Trump’s 2nd Nominee To Serve As Army Secretary Withdraws.
GO The second person nominated by President Trump to serve as secretary of the Army announced today he was withdrawing from the process.
GO State Department Again Hits ’Delete’ After Allegations Of Trump Promotion.
GO For the second time in less than two weeks, the State Department has hit the ”delete” button after complaints that it was promoting Trump family business endeavors.
GO Police: Driver nearly runs over cops near Capitol shots fired.
GO Washington (CNN) A woman drove into a vehicle Wednesday morning and nearly ran over Capitol Police officers near the Capitol building, and shots were fired during the incident, authorities said.
GO Michael Flynn left Russian speaking fees off initial financial disclosures.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, did not include receiving thousands of dollars in speaking fees from three Russian companies in initial financial disclosures to the Office of Government Ethics covering the last two years, copies of the reports show.
GO Trump: US will act unilaterally on North Korea if necessary.
GO Washington (CNN) US President Donald Trump has declared he would be willing to go it alone to restrain North Korea’s nuclear weapons program should China fail to change the situation, saying if Beijing won’t help solve it, then ”we will” alone.
GO Ivanka Trump: ’I don’t know what it means to be complicit’.
GO Washington (CNN) If Ivanka Trump is ”complicit,” as critics and even a ”Saturday Night Live” perfume sketch allege, she’s not concerned.
GO First on CNN: Secret Service agent on VP’s detail caught after meeting with prostitute at Maryland hotel.
GO Washington (CNN) CNN has learned from multiple law enforcement sources that a Secret Service agent on Vice President Mike Pence’s detail has been suspended from official duties after meeting a prostitute at a Maryland hotel.
GO Senate GOP triggers nuclear option on Gorsuch .
GO Washington (CNN) The Senate Thursday triggered the   ”nuclear option” that allowed Republicans to break a Democratic filibuster of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch.
GO Markey to Trump: Negotiate with Kim Jong Un.
GO Washington (CNN) Sen. Edward Markey is calling on President Donald Trump to engage in direct negotiations with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as part of a proposed joint effort with China to reduce North Korea’s nuclear threat.
GO Trump, who scorned Obama’s golf habits, outpacing him in rounds.
GO Palm Beach, Florida (CNN) President Donald Trump is well outpacing his predecessor on the green, making his 16th visit to one of his eponymous golf courses since taking office as he marks the end of another weekend at his Florida getaway.
GO Spicer on Syria: If you gas a baby or barrel bomb, expect a response.
GO Washington (CNN) White House press secretary Sean Spicer said twice Monday that the Trump administration will respond if the regime of Syrian President Bashar   uses barrel bombs against his own people, something that’s been a regular occurrence in the   civil war.
GO Trump on pace to surpass 8 years of Obama’s travel spending in 1 year.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s travel to his private club in Florida has cost over an estimated $20 million in his first 80 days as president, putting the president on pace in his first year of office to surpass former President Barack Obama’s spending on travel for his entire eight years.
GO Putin: More chemical attacks planned in Syria.
GO Moscow (CNN) Russian President Vladimir Putin has suggested that unnamed forces inside Syria are plotting to carry out chemical attacks and frame the regime of Syrian President Bashar   for them.
GO How Donald Trump came to love NATO.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump emphatically embraced NATO Wednesday in a reversal of his campaign trail rhetoric lambasting the organization.
GO British intelligence passed Trump associates’ communications with Russians on to US counterparts.
GO Washington (CNN) British and other European intelligence agencies intercepted communications between associates of Donald Trump and Russian officials and other Russian individuals during the campaign and passed on those communications to their US counterparts, US congressional and law enforcement and US and European intelligence sources tell CNN.
GO Afghan official: 94 ISIS fighters killed by ’mother of all bombs’ .
GO Kabul (CNN) At least 94 Islamic State fighters were killed when the US military dropped America’s most powerful   bomb on ISIS targets in Afghanistan, an Afghan official said Saturday.
GO JK Rowling deals cunning blow in Twitter war against Piers Morgan.
GO The Twitter war raging between Piers Morgan and JK Rowling appears to have reached its zenith with the Harry Potter author clocking up a notable victory against her social media nemesis.
GO Rafael Nadal overwhelms Dominic Thiem to reach French Open final.
GO It was not perfect but, as Rafael Nadal trounced Dominic Thiem for the loss of seven games on Friday night to reach his 10th French Open final, there was definitely an element of master against pupil as the man who would be   king was crushed by the man who has worn the crown for more than a decade.
GO Park Geun-hye: South Korean court removes president over scandal.
GO Park   has become the first democratically elected South Korean president to be forced from office, after the country’s constitutional court upheld a parliamentary vote to impeach her over a corruption and cronyism scandal that could see her face criminal charges.
GO Rock climber makes historic ropeless ascent of California’s El Capitan.
GO Alex Honnold has   El Capitan, completing a ropeless ascent of the legendary California cliff in just under four hours on Saturday morning, making the summit in time for breakfast.
GO Ex-wife of former Liberian president charged with torture.
GO Agnes Reeves Taylor, the   of former Liberian president Charles Taylor, has been charged with four torture offences allegedly committed in the west African country, Scotland Yard said.
GO Marine Le Pen promises liberation from the EU with France-first policies.
GO Marine Le Pen has formally launched her presidential campaign, promising to put France first by freeing it it from the “tyrannies” of globalisation, Islamic fundamentalism and the European Union.
GO Six Red Cross workers in Afghanistan killed in ambush.
GO Six Afghan Red Cross aid workers have been killed in an ambush in the country’s north while travelling to a remote area to deliver humanitarian aid.
GO Michael Bublé’s wife says son Noah is recovering from cancer.
GO Michael Bublé’s wife, Luisana Lopilato, has said their son is recovering and well in her first public comments since the couple announced last year that the    had cancer.
GO A case of identity: Cumberbatch and Sherlock Holmes author are cousins.
GO Researchers have discovered that Benedict Cumberbatch is distantly related to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, the author who created Sherlock Holmes, a role the actor has recently made his own.
GO French election: Macron hailed as winner of bruising Le Pen TV debate.
GO Emmanuel Macron appeared to have kept his frontrunner status against Marine Le Pen after a bruising live TV presidential debate days before the final vote this weekend in which the centrist and   candidates traded venomous personal insults and clashed over how to fix the sluggish French economy and fight terrorism.
GO British DJ sentenced to year in Tunisian jail for Muslim call to prayer remix.
GO A British DJ has been sentenced to a year in jail by a Tunisian court after he played a remix recording of the Muslim call to prayer in a nightclub.
GO Fox News drops ’fair and balanced’ slogan.
GO Fox News has dropped its “fair and balanced” a slogan that for many appeared at odds with a rightwing roster of current and former hosts that included Bill O’Reilly and Glenn Beck, a spokesman has confirmed.
GO Boy, 10, killed in attempted blasphemy lynching in Pakistan.
GO A    boy has been killed and five other people wounded after a mob attacked a police station in an attempt to lynch a Hindu man charged with blasphemy in   Pakistan, officials said.
GO Are you a legal US resident who has been affected by Trump’s travel ban?.
GO There have been some reports that border patrol agents are targeting minorities at airports since Donald Trump’s travel ban on refugees and visitors from seven   countries was issued two weeks ago.
GO Dylann Roof sentenced to death for the murders of nine black church members.
GO Dylann Roof has been sentenced to death for the murders of nine black church members during a Bible study in Charleston, South Carolina.
GO Manchester Arena attack: police make more arrests in the city.
GO Further arrests have been made in connection with the Manchester Arena bombing, including a    man who handed himself in to police.
GO Nearly 400 birds killed after flying into Texas skyscraper in storm.
GO Nearly 400 migratory birds of brilliant plumage were killed when they smashed into an office tower in Texas while flying in a storm, officials said on Friday.
GO Pesticide that Trump’s EPA refused to ban blamed for sickening farm workers.
GO A pesticide that was set to be banned before the Trump administration reversed course has been blamed for causing sickness to nearly 50 farm workers who were exposed to the chemical in California.
GO ’Sixty-eight children among dead’ of suicide bombing attack in Syria.
GO Nearly 70 children were among those killed when a suicide car bombing tore through buses carrying evacuees from besieged   towns in Syria, a monitoring group has said.
GO Israeli diplomat who plotted against MPs also set up political groups.
GO An Israeli embassy official who plotted to “take down” MPs regarded as hostile has also set up a number of political organisations in the UK that operated as though entirely independent.
GO Navy Seal dies after parachute fails to open over Hudson river.
GO A Navy Seal team member fell to his death on Sunday after his parachute failed to open during a Fleet Week demonstration over the Hudson river.
GO Family of Connecticut teenager shot dead by police: we have been lied to.
GO The family of a Connecticut teenager who was shot and killed by police last Tuesday say they have been lied to by officers about how he died, after bystander footage filmed at the scene was made public over the weekend.
GO Tom Watson asks May: did Murdoch request Gove’s return to cabinet?.
GO The Labour deputy leader, Tom Watson, has written to Theresa May asking if Rupert Murdoch asked her to reappoint Michael Gove to the cabinet or face bad press in his newspaper titles.
GO Monopoly: duck, penguin and T rex to replace boot, thimble and wheelbarrow.
GO Toy company Hasbro has replaced the boot, the thimble and the wheelbarrow with a Tyrannosaurus rex, a penguin and a rubber ducky in the latest version of its popular board game Monopoly.
GO US expulsions put spotlight on Russia’s GRU intelligence agency.
GO Barack Obama’s announcement that Washington will avenge alleged Russian efforts to interfere in the US election with new sanctions and the expulsion of 35 diplomats has focused attention once again on Russia’s main intelligence directorate, the GRU.
GO Nintendo Switch: new console may be weird, but it is for everyone.
GO The Nintendo Switch is the weirdest games console to hit the market since   …     well, the last games console Nintendo released.
GO Richard Simmons sues National Enquirer over gender reassignment claims.
GO Richard Simmons is suing the National Enquirer, Radar Online and American Media Inc over a story that alleged he underwent gender reassignment surgery.
GO North Korea a ’clear and present’ threat, says US defence secretary.
GO The United States is encouraged by China’s efforts to restrain North Korea but Washington will not accept Beijing’s militarisation of islands in the South China Sea, US defence secretary, James Mattis, said on Saturday.
GO ’Miracle’ baby born in tree during Mozambique floods to turn 17.
GO Rosita Mabuiango’s birth in a tree above swirling waters 17 years ago thrust her into instant stardom, drawing global attention to the worst floods to hit Mozambique in recent memory.
GO Girl body-slammed by North Carolina officer was stopping a fight, student says.
GO A student who was slammed to the ground by a police officer at a North Carolina high school was trying to break up a fight involving her sister, according to the    who posted video of the incident on social media.
GO New Curtis Sittenfeld novel will imagine Hillary Clinton’s life without Bill.
GO Curtis Sittenfeld has signed a book deal to write a novel about Hillary Clinton that will imagine how the former secretary of state’s life would have panned out if she had not married Bill Clinton.
GO Alien: Covenant’s Katherine Waterston: ‘We live in hypersexualised yet totally prudish times’.
GO Ripley, the indomitable action hero played by Sigourney Weaver in the Alien series, may have hung up her flamethrower for good, but the franchise’s latest prequel, Alien: Covenant, features a convincing replacement in the form of tough cookie Daniels, played by Katherine Waterston.
GO SAG awards: Stranger Things and Hidden Figures win big as actors get political.
GO The stars of Hidden Figures and Stranger Things were the big winners at this year’s Screen Actors Guild awards while political speeches dominated the evening.
GO Former scout arrested in historical football sexual abuse investigation.
GO A former youth football scout has been arrested by police investigating allegations of historical abuse in the sport.
GO Seahawks’ Frank Clark targets female writer over domestic violence story.
GO Seattle Seahawks defensive end Frank Clark targeted a female sportswriter on Twitter who had previously written about his alleged 2014 domestic violence incident.
GO Revealed: reality of life working in an Ivanka Trump clothing factory.
GO The reality of working in a factory making clothes for Ivanka Trump’s label has been laid bare, with employees speaking of being paid so little they cannot live with their children,   intimidation and women being offered a bonus if they don’t take time off while menstruating.
GO Iran’s Ahmadinejad to run for president despite Khamenei warning.
GO Former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has registered to run in the presidential race next month, defying an edict from the country’s supreme leader not to do so.
GO How we made Deliverance.
GO Warner Bros had acquired the rights to James Dickey’s novel, and, after making Hell in the Pacific in very difficult circumstances, they felt I was the man to take it on.
GO Chelsea to make Antonio Conte highest-paid manager to ward off Inter.
GO Chelsea are prepared to make Antonio Conte the   manager in their history and bankroll a lavish strengthening of his squad this summer as they seek to build on the team’s impressive Premier League title success.
GO Chance the Rapper praised by Michelle Obama after announcing $1m gift to Chicago schools.
GO Chance the Rapper has announced a donation of $1m to fund public schools in Chicago, a move that prompted Michelle Obama to say to him: “You are an example of the power of arts education.
GO Mexican woman claims she was one of 30,000 babies stolen from Spain.
GO A woman has filed a complaint with prosecutors in Mexico, claiming that she was stolen as a baby in Spain during the dictatorship of Francisco Franco and handed over to a   Mexican family who raised her as their own.
GO Trump push for border wall threatens to cause government shutdown.
GO Looming above Washington as Congress and the White House attempt to avert a funding shutdown in only five days’ time, Donald Trump’s central campaign promise to build a wall on the Mexican border threatens to bring the US government to a halt this week in a national display of dysfunction.
GO White House photo caption omits husband of Luxembourg’s gay PM.
GO The Trump White House on Saturday omitted Gauthier Destenay, the husband of Luxembourg prime minister Xavier Bettel, from the caption for an official photograph of the spouses of Nato leaders, which was taken at this week’s summit in Brussels.
GO 19 House Republicans call on their party to do something about climate change.
GO While the Trump administration is veering sharply toward climate science denial, 19 House Republicans have taken steps to pull the party in the direction of reality, and the need to combat the threats posed by   climate change.
GO South Carolina governor must quit ’segregated’ golf club, ex-lawmaker says.
GO A former South Carolina state legislator is reviving his calls for the state’s newly   governor, Henry McMaster, to withdraw his membership from a country club he alleges is   and exclusionary.
GO José Mourinho may sideline league if Manchester United fail to improve.
GO José Mourinho will field his strongest team in the Europa League to focus on qualifying for the Champions League qualification by winning the competition if results go against Manchester United in their next two games, against Everton and Sunderland.
GO Britain’s divorce bill must be settled before Brexit talks, says Angela Merkel.
GO The German government is encouraging Britain to agree a mathematical formula for calculating its European divorce settlement rather than settling on a precise figure in an attempt to avoid a looming clash that risks derailing Brexit talks.
GO Pittsburgh fires back at Trump: we stand with Paris, not you.
GO Donald Trump may claim to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, but the mayor of the Steel City said he supports Paris.
GO Fake news and neurobabble: how do we critically assess what we read?.
GO In an era of fake news and alternative facts, it seems as if our collective ability to critically assess information is starting to falter.
GO Michael Flynn may have lied to officials about his Russia ties, congressman says.
GO The former national security adviser Michael Flynn appears to have lied about his foreign ties to Barack   investigators who were weighing whether to renew his security clearances, according to a letter published by Elijah Cummings, the ranking member of the House oversight committee.
GO Pescara’s Sulley Muntari walks off after being booked for reporting racist abuse.
GO Pescara’s Ghanaian midfielder Sulley Muntari abandoned the pitch on Sunday, saying he had been booked for complaining about racist chanting from the crowd during his team’s   defeat at Cagliari in Serie A. Muntari was shown the yellow card for dissent by referee Daniele Minelli in the 90th minute and walked off the pitch in protest during stoppage time, leaving his team to play the last few minutes with 10 men.
GO Trump travel ban: new visa criteria set to come into effect.
GO A modified version of Donald Trump’s travel ban is set to come into effect at 8pm ET on Thursday as the administration faced mounting criticism for issuing a set of strict new criteria for visa applicants from six   countries and refugees targeted in the ban.
GO Fatal shooting on Las Vegas bus done ’for no apparent reason’, police say.
GO Police said on Sunday that a man sitting at the back of a public bus on the Las Vegas Strip started shooting “for no apparent reason” as passengers got off at a stop in the heart of the tourism corridor, killing one man.
GO Rebel Wilson tells court an ’obsessed’ former schoolmate sold her out to Woman’s Day.
GO Rebel Wilson alleges an “obsessed” and “jealous” former schoolmate sold her out to Woman’s Day magazine to make a “quick buck”.
GO Mexican president cancels US visit over Trump’s order to build border wall.
GO Mexico’s president, Enrique Peña Nieto, has cancelled a scheduled visit to Washington next week to meet with Donald Trump, after the US president signed an executive order to move forward on construction of a border wall and repeated his claim that Mexico would be forced to pay for it.
GO Basque separatist group Eta announces plan to lay down all weapons.
GO Six years after renouncing violence in its long and bloody pursuit of a Basque homeland, the militant separatist group Eta has announced it will lay down all arms by early next month.
GO WorldStarHipHop founder Lee ‘Q’ O’Denat dies aged 43.
GO Lee ‘Q’ O’Denat, the man who created the popular rap news website WorldStarHipHop and once called it “the CNN of the ghetto” has died aged 43.
GO Trump awards Purple Heart to soldier in first visit to military hospital.
GO Donald Trump on Saturday awarded a Purple Heart to a US army sergeant wounded in Afghanistan, during a visit to a military hospital near the capital.
GO The 99-year-old who threw herself in prison – and other strange bucket list requests.
GO The internet abounds with rundowns of the most popular bucket list requests: the things we would like to do before kicking the bucket, when that looks like an imminent prospect.
GO Saved by the board: tourist rescued after drifting 6km off Australian coastline.
GO A Japanese tourist has been labelled a lucky survivor after he was rescued by a container ship that found him drifting on his surfboard 6km off the Australian coastline.
GO ’Death by a thousand cuts’: LGBT rights fading under Trump, advocates say.
GO Gay rights advocates are sounding the alarm over what they say is a quiet campaign being waged by Donald Trump’s administration to chip away at   protections for LGBT Americans.
GO Real Madrid crush Granada to equal Spanish record unbeaten run.
GO Real Madrid equalled a Spanish record of 39 games unbeaten in all competitions as Zinedine Zidane’s side crushed struggling Granada   on Saturday to go six points clear at the top of La Liga.
GO Melania Trump can proceed with libel lawsuit against blogger, judge says.
GO First lady Melania Trump can move ahead with a libel lawsuit she filed against a blogger who reported rumors that she worked as a   escort, a judge ruled on Friday.
GO Iowa senator proposes bill decried as ’political litmus test’ for universities.
GO Iowa’s public universities would need to consider political party affiliation when hiring new faculty members, under a bill proposed by a Republican state senator.
GO Ravens’ Zach Orr retires from NFL at 24 because of serious spine condition.
GO Baltimore Ravens linebacker Zach Orr is retiring from the game at the age of 24 because of a congenital spine condition that puts him in danger of serious injury.
GO Prince Philip to retire from public duties at age of 96.
GO The Duke of Edinburgh will retire from public engagements in the summer at the age of 96, a decision that Buckingham Palace said had the full support of the Queen.
GO US navy destroyer fires warning shots at speeding Iranian vessels.
GO A US navy destroyer fired three warning shots at armed Iranian patrol boats as they sped toward the warship at the entrance to the Persian Gulf, marring a recent period of relatively quiet interactions between US and Iranian forces, the Pentagon said on Monday.
GO Mack Beggs, transgender wrestler who won Texas girls’ title: ’Boo all you want’.
GO Mack Beggs, the    transgender athlete who was jeered by some spectators after winning the Texas girls’ wrestling title last weekend, has said policymakers should change the law to allow him to compete against boys.
GO Senior British politicians ‘targeted by Kremlin’ for smear campaigns.
GO A former Foreign Office minister has claimed that senior British politicians are being targeted by the Kremlin for potentially compromising details about their private lives that might be used to discredit them.
GO USA’s Carli Lloyd wins second straight Fifa best player award.
GO Carli Lloyd of the United States has won her second straight Fifa’s best woman player award.
GO House intelligence committee will also subpoena Flynn, top Democrat says.
GO The US House intelligence committee will join its Senate counterpart in subpoenaing former national security adviser Michael Flynn in its investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the presidential election after he declined to appear before the panel, its top Democrat said on Wednesday.
GO Concerns over Trump still allowing his company to profit from foreign officials.
GO Donald Trump will continue to risk violating the US constitution by allowing his company to profit from foreign government officials, according to documents released by Congress on Wednesday.
GO Late night TV roundup: John Oliver jokingly blames Trump on Oprah.
GO Late night hosts discussed the recent set of governmental revelations, with John Oliver using a guest appearance to jokingly blame Donald Trump’s success on Oprah.
GO Greek farmers clash with riot police in Athens over austerity.
GO Farmers who travelled to Athens from Crete have clashed with riot police in the latest unrest on the streets of the Greek capital, prompted by the government’s austerity policies.
GO Ben Carson incorrectly suggests African slaves were ’immigrants’ to US.
GO Ben Carson ushered in his tenure as secretary of Housing and Urban Development by suggesting that Africans brought to the Americas during the Middle Passage as slaves were “immigrants” who imagined the US as a “land of dreams and opportunity”.
GO The Girl Scout in me would never stand for Donald Trump.
GO I resigned from Girl Scouts more than 20 years ago, but yesterday I realized that the people who told me I’d always be a scout at heart were right: the news that the Girl Scouts are sending a contingent to participate in Donald Trump’s inauguration filled me with real rage.
GO Chicago police officer who fatally shot student and neighbor will not be charged.
GO Prosecutors said on Friday they would not charge a Chicago police officer who fatally shot a college student and his neighbor while responding to a domestic disturbance in 2015.
GO Live donkey fed to tigers in shareholder protest at Chinese zoo.
GO Disgruntled shareholders at a zoo in China have fed a live donkey to tigers in a protest against the management.
GO Is there a replacement for email?.
GO Like countless others, I use email daily, but it’s a   relationship because of the dangers of viruses, trojans, phishing, spam etc.
GO Indian Point nuclear plant in New York will close after dozens of ’safety events’.
GO The Indian Point nuclear power plant in New York, which last year leaked radioactive material into groundwater near New York City, will close by April 2021, Governor Andrew Cuomo said on Monday.
GO St Louis Cardinals docked two draft picks and fined $2m for hacking Astros.
GO The St Louis Cardinals were stripped of their top two picks in this year’s amateur draft Monday and ordered to give them to Houston along with $2m as compensation for hacking the Astros’ email system and scouting database, the final step in an unusual case of cybercrime involving two Major League Baseball teams.
GO Joseph Goebbels’ secretary, Brunhilde Pomsel, dies aged 106.
GO Brunhilde Pomsel, a former secretary to the Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels and one of the last people alive who had close contact with the Nazi leadership, has died at the age of 106.
GO Obama aide: Trump should ’reach out’ to Democrats boycotting inauguration.
GO The Obama administration has urged incoming US president Donald Trump to “reach out” to the growing faction of House Democrats who have pledged to boycott the presidential inauguration, as some representatives question Trump’s legitimacy, citing the Russian hacking scandal that continues to plague the transition.
GO USC Student Senator Has Stipend Revoked for Milo Yiannopoulos Invitation - Breitbart.
GO A student senator at USC (University of Southern California) has avoided facing formal charges but had his stipend removed as a result of organising a talk by Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos at the university.
GO O’Reilly on Cruz Criticisms of FNC’s Coverage: ’Rubio Has Been Much Easier to Book’ Than Cruz - Breitbart.
GO Fox News Channel host Bill O’Reilly responded to GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz’s criticisms of FNC’s coverage of him compared to its coverage of fellow candidate Florida Sen. Marco Rubio by saying, “I can tell you that Senator Rubio has been much easier to book than Senator Cruz” on Thursday’s “The O’Reilly Factor.
GO Watch: Johnny Depp Does an Impression of ’Brat’ Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO Johnny Depp ripped into GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump during a lecture at Arizona State University on Saturday, where he called him a “brat” and offered up several of his best impressions of the billionaire candidate.
GO WATCH: Hollywood’s Version of Barack Obama Asking Michelle Out.
GO In what is sure to become one of the first in a long list of films portraying the life of the Obama’s, Southside With You tells the story set in the summer of 1989 of how    Harvard Law student Barack Obama asked Michelle Robinson out on their first date.
GO How Trump Won the GOP Debate by Losing It - Breitbart.
GO The GOP debate in Houston on Thursday night was arguably Donald J. Trump’s worst of the entire 2016 campaign.
GO Hillary Clinton: Gabby Giffords Trusts Me To ’Stand Up To The Gun Lobby’ - Breitbart.
GO During the January 31 airing of This Week with George Stephanopoulos, Democrat presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton said she is endorsed by Gabby Giffords to “stand up to the gun lobby.
GO Watch Live: Trump in Cedar Rapids, IA - Breitbart.
GO Friday in Cedar Rapids, IA at the McGrath Amphitheatre Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will hold a rally at 8:00 p. m. ET.
GO Paul Sperry: Khzir Khan Is a ‘World-Renowned Expert on Sharia, Not the Constitution’ - Breitbart.
GO New York Post columnist and former Hoover Institution media fellow Paul Sperry appeared on Wednesday’s Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon to discuss his column for Breitbart News, “Khizr Khan Believes the Constitution ‘Must Always Be Subordinated to the Sharia.
GO Switch! John Kasich Will Now Attend CPAC - Breitbart.
GO Ohio Governor John Kasich will be attending CPAC next month, after initially turning down the high profile opportunity to speak with conservative activists.
GO Several People Arrested on Fifth Night of Charlotte Protests - Breitbart.
GO Several people were arrested in Saturday night’s protests in Charlotte,   police announced Sunday morning.
GO Trump Attacks Hillary Clinton’s ’Brainpower’ for Failing to Pass D.C. Bar Exam - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump attacked Hillary Clinton on Twitter Monday for failing to pass the D. C. bar exam after graduating from Yale Law School.
GO Rand: Trump’s and Cruz’s ISIS Approaches ’May End Up Creating More Terrorists Than You Kill’ - Breitbart.
GO Kentucky Senator and Republican presidential candidate Rand Paul argued fellow candidates Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Donald Trump’s approach to ISIS “may end up creating more terrorists than you kill, if you’re going to do indiscriminate bombing” on Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball.
GO Shooting Victim Went Door-to-Door for Neighborhood Watch Group.
GO A woman who was shot and killed Thursday had previously gone door to door trying to set up a neighborhood watch group in her South Sacramento neighborhood.
GO George W. Bush’s Daughter Takes Picture with Huma Abedin at Clinton Fundraiser in Paris - Breitbart.
GO Barbara Bush, former President George W. Bush’s daughter, attended a fundraiser for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and snapped a picture with top Clinton aide Huma Abedin.
GO Gov. Kasich Visits Obama at White House for TPP Push Meeting - Breitbart.
GO He lost badly in the Republican presidential primary election to   Donald Trump, refused to attend the Republican National convention in the state where he is governor, and now John Kasich is visiting President Barack Obama in the White House to help Obama pass the highly controversial trade agreement, the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP).
GO Obama: We’ve Made Health Care ’More Affordable for All Americans’ - Breitbart.
GO During Saturday’s Weekly Address, President Obama touted the 21st Century Cures Act, and stated that over the last eight years we’ve made health care “more affordable for all Americans.
GO Why Ted Cruz Is Vulnerable on Canadian Birth Issue - Breitbart.
GO Republican frontrunner Donald Trump attacked his main internal rival, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on Tuesday, noting that Cruz’s Canadian birth could be “very precarious” for Republicans: “Republicans are going to have to ask themselves the question: ‘Do we want a candidate who could be tied up in court for two years?
GO Barney Frank: Scalia Was ’The Leading Advocate of Fag-Burning’ - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball,” former Representative Barney Frank ( ) quipped that Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia “was actually the leading advocate of   not flag burning,” which caused confusion for   Donald Trump.
GO Alicia Keys to Paul Ryan: Be My Valentine for Criminal Justice Reform - Breitbart.
GO Alicia Keys is hoping a steamy Valentine’s Day card she sent to Rep. Paul Ryan will persuade the Speaker of the House to bring criminal justice reform to a vote this year.
GO Ted Cruz: Donald Trump Would Allow Deported Immigrants Back Into The US - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) says the difference between him and his political rival Donald Trump is that Trump would allow deported immigrants back into the United States.
GO Colbert: Trump a ’Chicken’ For Refusing to Come on My Show.
GO Late Night host Stephen Colbert slammed Donald Trump in a radio interview, calling the Republican White House hopeful a “coward” for failing to come back on his   show.
GO Debbie Lee of America’s Mighty Warriors: ’You Don’t Aspire to Be a Gold Star Mother’.
GO Gold Star mother Debbie Lee of America’s Mighty Warriors said, “You don’t aspire to be a Gold Star mother you become a Gold Star family member because you have a loved one who died in combat.
GO Ohio University Offers ’Safe Space’ for Students Triggered by Republican National Convention - Breitbart.
GO Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio has offered students a safe space for those triggered by the Republican National Convention this week.
GO UC Student Body President Opposes Campus Carry Because of ’Stabbings’.
GO Now that Governor John Kasich (R) has signed campus carry into law, allowing each university system to decide whether to allow concealed carry on campus for   University of Cincinnati student body President Mitchell Phelps is stressing that he opposes campus carry because of “stabbings.
GO John Boehner Explains Why Donald Trump Could Beat Hillary Clinton - Breitbart.
GO House Speaker John Boehner says people may be surprised in November, if the race comes down to a contest between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.
GO Trending: Texas Prosecutors Dropping Larger Number of Marijuana Cases.
GO A trend has emerged in recent years for district attorneys in larger Texas counties to dismiss a greater number of cases involving small amounts of marijuana.
GO Bob Carey: Veterans Voted in ’Record Numbers’ for Trump.
GO Bob Carey, director of Military Affairs and Veterans Engagement for the Republican National Committee, joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday’s Breitbart News Daily to talk about the record support of military veterans for Donald Trump during the 2016 election.
GO Clift: Young People Should Sign Up for Obamacare To ’Carry Their Load In a Shared Pool’ - Breitbart.
GO The Daily Beast’s Eleanor Clift argued that young people should sign up for insurance under Obamacare in part because, “People need to carry their load in a shared pool of coverage” on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group.
GO Cornel West: Bernie Sanders Would be ’Better for Black America’ Than Hillary Clinton - Breitbart.
GO Author and Princeton University Professor Emeritus Cornel West weighs in on the question of which elderly white leftist should be supported by black voters with a Politico   entitled “Why Brother Bernie Is Better for Black People Than Sister Hillary.
GO England Flag Banned From Eurovision.
GO The flags of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland will be banned from the arena at this year’s Eurovision Song Contest, but the European Union and Rainbow flags will be permitted.
GO The Federal Reserve Is Dealing Financial Drugs - Breitbart.
GO The Federal Reserve is dealing financial drugs and endangering the world economy by creating a bond bubble of epic proportions.
GO 3 Canadians Busted for Smuggling $23M of Cocaine onto Cruise Ship.
GO Three Canadian cruise ship passengers have been arrested for allegedly smuggling $23 million worth of cocaine onto a cruise ship docked in Australia.
GO WATCH: Woman Learns Boyfriend Has HIV, Runs Him Over.
GO Graphic video shows a woman whom police have identified as Misty Lee Wilke allegedly running over her boyfriend in retaliation after she found out that he is HIV positive.
GO WATCH: Obama, Seth Meyers Taunt Donald Trump in 2011 Over Possible Presidential Run - Breitbart.
GO Following Donald Trump’s election to the U. S. presidency, a video has resurfaced of comedian and talk show host Seth Meyers mocking Trump at a White House Correspondents dinner over a possible presidential run.
GO Newt Gingrich: If You’re Not for Trump or Cruz, You Are for Hillary - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” former House Speaker Newt Gingrich doubled down on a claim he had made earlier in the day regarding some in the GOP abandoning either of the leading two Republican presidential contenders, Donald Trump or Sen. Ted Cruz ( ).
GO Smoothie Shop Worker Fired for Refusing to Serve Police.
GO A Tropical Smoothie location in Florida fired one of its employees for refusing to serve a police officer.
GO 135 Police Officers Killed in the Line of Duty in 2016.
GO Barring any late additions to the list, the nation saw 135 police officers killed in the line of duty in 2016, a report notes.
GO George Clooney Meeting with Angela Merkel to Offer Hollywood Help During Refugee Crisis - Breitbart.
GO George Clooney will meet with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday to discuss how Hollywood can play a role in resolving Europe’s refugee crisis, the actor announced Thursday at the Berlin Film Festival.
GO Donald Trump: ‘The Laws Are Set’ on Abortion, ‘I Think We Have to Leave It that Way’ - Breitbart.
GO Two days after GOP presidential contender Donald Trump caused a firestorm after walking back his statement that women who have illegal abortions should receive some form of “punishment,” he said during another interview that abortion “laws are set,” and they should be left that way until changed.
GO Ann Coulter: Ted Cruz, Fox News ’Traitors,’ Formed ’Unified Oligarchy’ Against Trump - Breitbart.
GO Ann Coulter called Ted Cruz and Fox News “traitors” for blaming Donald Trump for dangerous protesters shutting down a   rally in Chicago, blistering Trump’s primary rival on Twitter.
GO Uniformed Officer ’Escorted’ From Classroom: Teacher ’Uncomfortable’ With Gun - Breitbart.
GO On January 27 a uniformed police officer was “escorted out” of a college classroom after the teacher grew uncomfortable with the presence of a gun.
GO Michael Moore: ’Disrupt the Inauguration’.
GO Liberal documentary filmaker Michael Moore is encouraging Americans to take to the streets to protest the inauguration of   Donald Trump.
GO Whoopi Goldberg: Celebrating Christmas Same as Right to Abortion.
GO In a truly bizarre leap of logic, film star Whoopi Goldberg has compared the right to observe the feast of Christmas with a woman’s purported right to have an abortion.
GO RNC Chair Priebus: ‘Far Too Late’ For Stop-Trump Movement - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on “This Week,” the chairman of the Republican National Committee Reince Priebus said the stop Trump movement among Republicans unhappy with the   are “far too late.
GO Muslim Man Says He Had ‘No Choice’ But to Kill Sister Who Married a Christian.
GO A Pakistani man who executed his sister with a bullet to the head because she married a Christian man said he had “no choice” but to kill her because of her shameful act that brought dishonor on her family.
GO Women’s Group Calls for Advertisers to Drop Peyton Manning - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday, the women’s group Ultraviolet called for advertisers to drop Peyton Manning as their spokesman, citing an alleged incident from 1996 in which Manning supposedly exposed himself to a female trainer at the University of Tennessee.
GO Hillary to Bannon: Leave Paul Ryan Alone! - Breitbart.
GO In the course of her   attempt to deflect from her foundation’s    scandals by smearing Donald Trump’s supporters as racist Klan members in thrall to Vladimir Putin, Hillary Clinton defended Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan from the alleged   of Donald Trump’s campaign CEO Stephen K. Bannon.
GO Megyn Kelly Praises Marco Rubio: ‘You Are Very Smooth’ - Breitbart.
GO Fox News host Megyn Kelly defended Sen. Marco Rubio after Chris Christie accused the freshman senator of being too scripted and avoiding tough questions on the campaign trail.
GO Tim Kaine Plans Campaign Speech Entirely En Español - Breitbart.
GO Democratic Vice Presidential candidate Tim Kaine plans to deliver a campaign speech entirely in Spanish in Arizona, in an effort to impress Latinos in the important swing state.
GO McCain: Obama’s Lack of Leadership Causing ’Unraveling of the World Order’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Sen. John McCain ( ) said President Barack Obama’s lack of leadership over the last eight years in foreign policy has brought about the “unraveling of the world order that was established after World War II.
GO Sir Bob Geldof: Vote Remain If You’ve Got A Big Yacht And Hate Proles.
GO Nigel Farage’s   flotilla down the Thames has run into opposition from Vote Remain boats under the command of   pop star and SFJW (Social Focking Justice Warrior) Sir Bob Geldof.
GO Tehran Fears it Could be ‘Big Loser’ From Trump Victory.
GO The Algemeiner reports: Iran fears it could be the “big loser” from Donald Trump’s surprising victory over Hillary Clinton in Tuesday’s presidential election, an expert on the Islamic Republic told The Algemeiner on Thursday.
GO Brian Williams: ’Republicans Own the Excitement’ of the 2016 Race - Breitbart.
GO MSNBC anchor Brian Williams argued that “Republicans own the excitement of this race” during MSNBC’s coverage of the South Carolina GOP primary.
GO Establishment Rep. Renée Ellmers Says She Voted for Trump in North Carolina.
GO Rep. Renee Ellmers, who is facing her second primary challenge in her North Carolina congressional seat, says she voted for Donald Trump in her state’s primary Tuesday.
GO Krauthammer: Trump Doesn’t Have a Good Reason To Skip Debate - Breitbart.
GO Columnist and Fox News Contributor Charles Krauthammer argued GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump doesn’t have a good reason to skip out on Thursday’s debate, but that “his narcissism, meaning staying out, is going to win over” on Wednesday’s “Special Report” on the Fox News Channel.
GO Erick Erickson’s Anti-Trump Group Calls for Brokered Convention - Breitbart.
GO Radio   host Erick Erickson confirmed fears among many of Donald Trump’s supporters on Thursday by calling for a brokered convention to stop the frontrunner from winning the Republican nomination.
GO Biden: I Watched Trump Rally, Realized ’We May Lose ’.
GO Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. told the Los Angeles Times that he anticipated the victory of   Donald J. Trump after watched a Trump rally at   Pennsylvania and witnessed the lack of enthusiasm for Hillary R. Clinton.
GO Donald Trump: Obama ’Apologizes’ to Muslims in Mosque - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said that President Obama apologized to Muslims when he visited a mosque earlier this week.
GO Watch Live: South Carolina Tea Party Convention - Breitbart.
GO On Saturday, Jan. 16 through Monday, Jan. 17, the South Carolina Tea Party Coalition will host the South Carolina Tea Party Convention from Myrtle Beach, SC.
GO John Yob: ’One Hundred Percent Certain’ GOP Will Have a Contested Convention - Breitbart.
GO On Breitbart News Daily Thursday morning, author John Yob warned the GOP will only select its nominee after a contested convention in Cleveland, Ohio in July.
GO 1st Sexually Transmitted Zika Virus Case Confirmed in Dallas County.
GO Dallas County health officials confirmed its first sexually transmitted Zika virus case on Tuesday, Feb. 2.
GO Peter King: Brussels Proves Islamic State Is ’Willing and Able’ to Strike at Any Time - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on Newsmax TV’s “The Steve Malzberg Show,” the chairman of a House subcommittee on   Rep. Peter King ( ) said the terror attacks in Brussels at the Maalbeek Metro station and and Zaventem airport, which resulted in deaths of at least 31 and hundreds injured, prove that the Islamic State (ISIS) was “an enemy which is willing and able to strike at almost any time.
GO Blackwater Founder Erik Prince: Obama ’Tilting Toward Islamist or Muslim Brotherhood Approach to Foreign Policy’ - Breitbart.
GO Blackwater founder Erik Prince told Breitbart News Saturday SiriusXM host Alex Marlow that the Obama administration “hung out to dry” the Turkey coup plotters, adding that President Obama has “been tilting toward an Islamist or Muslim Brotherhood approach to foreign policy,” so the quick support for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in the midst of the recent coup attempt may not be much of a surprise.
GO Coulter: I ’Wasn’t As Much of a Little B*tch As George Will Is Being’ When McCain Won - Breitbart.
GO Columnist and author of “Adios, America,” Ann Coulter said that the “sore losers” in the Republican Party over Donald Trump clinching the nomination “know how I feel when [Sen. John] McCain ( ) was running” but that “I wasn’t as much of a little b*tch as George Will is being” on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time.
GO MILO: Conservatives Who Oppose Trump Can’t Call Themselves Conservatives - Breitbart.
GO During a speech on the Supreme Court at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee, MILO proclaimed that establishment conservatives who oppose Donald Trump “don’t care about America,” the Supreme Court, or conservatism.
GO Sheriff Arpaio at RNC: ’Donald Trump Will Build The Wall’.
GO During his July 21 speech at the Republican National Convention, Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio described Donald Trump as a “law and order” candidate who “will build the wall” along the southern border to keep our nation secure.
GO Democratic congressman asks James Comey to conduct real-time fact-check of Trump tweet during hearing.
GO ”   A Democratic congressman asked FBI Director James Comey and   NSA Director Mike Rogers to respond in real time to   President Donald Trump’s tweets, which attempted to   favorably spin the pair’s testimony from Monday’s   congressional hearing regarding Russia’s interference in the   2016 election.
GO 23 questions you should never ask at the end of a job interview.
GO ’’ ”When you have the floor, you’ll want to take full advantage of the opportunity to show that you’ve done your homework and determine if the job is a good fit.” ”But it’s imperative that you put just as much thought into what you ask as you do your responses to their questions.
GO Financial disclosures show substantial assets among members of the Trump administration.
GO ’The White House released a broad set of financial disclosures that showed the assets for as many as 180 senior officials on Friday evening.’ ’The information outlines the sizable wealth of many members of the Trump administration which closes in on a cumulative $12 billion, .’ ’Officials including White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, and advisers Jared Kushner and Reince Priebus listed assets they held at the time they began working for the government, a little more than two months ago.
GO 20 photos that show where world leaders live.
GO ”Everyone knows about the White House, but where do the rest of the world’s leaders live?” ”Unsurprisingly, the world’s most powerful people live in luxurious homes befitting their positions.
GO 4 reasons you’d want to buy a Project Scorpio Xbox when it’s released later this year.
GO ’Project Scorpio is the third Xbox console that Microsoft has announced since the Xbox One.’ ”Those consoles include the original Xbox One, which arrived in 2013; last year’s Xbox One S, the same Xbox One with smaller, more attractive hardware; and now, the   Xbox console, Project Scorpio.” ’Whereas the Xbox One S can only play 4K video but not 4K video games, Project Scorpio boasts some pretty meaty specs to play   resolution 4K games and video, but whether you want to upgrade or not depends on a few things.
GO UNDERCOVER IN AN IPHONE FACTORY: What it’s really like to work in a Chinese mega-factory, according to a student who spent 6 weeks there.
GO ’Imagine going to work at 7:30 every night and spending the next 12 hours, including meals and breaks, inside a factory where your only job is to insert a single screw into the back of a smartphone, repeating the task over and over and over again.’ ’During the day, you sleep in a shared dorm room, and in the evening, you wake up and start all over again.’ ”That’s the routine that Dejian Zeng experienced when he spent six weeks working at an iPhone factory near Shanghai, China, last summer.
GO Giuliani: Waterboarding may be more humane than drone strikes.
GO Washington (CNN) Rudy Giuliani said Friday he wasn’t sure which was more humane: death by drone strike or being waterboarded, a tactic widely regarded as torture.
GO Poll: Clinton leads Trump by 5 points.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton holds a 46% to 41% lead over Donald Trump among likely voters    with Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson at 9% and the Green Party’s Jill Stein at 2%    a new Washington   News poll shows.
GO Police issue warrant for Trump supporter who appeared to punch protester at a rally.
GO Asheville, North Carolina (CNN) Police issued a warrant Tuesday for the arrest of a man whom reporters witnessed grabbing a protester by the neck and apparently hitting him in the face during a Donald Trump campaign rally.
GO Bill Clinton: Hillary Clinton has ’rarely,’ but on occasion, had dehydration spells.
GO Washington (CNN) Former President Bill Clinton says Hillary Clinton has a history of occasionally becoming severely dehydrated and suffering ”the same sort of thing” she experienced when she stumbled leaving an event Sunday.
GO George Clooney: Deal with South Sudan now, not later.
GO Washington (CNN) George Clooney is warning the world that it is better for international leaders to end the civil war raging in South Sudan now before it gets worse.
GO French inmate unlocks others fire set.
GO Paris (CNN) Gendarmerie late Monday wrested control of a prison wing where inmates freed by one of their number set a fire and rioted, French officials said.
GO NY attorney general is investigating Trump Foundation practices.
GO Washington (CNN) New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman’s office is investigating Donald Trump’s charitable foundation ”to make sure it’s complying with the laws governing charities in New York,” he said Tuesday.
GO Powell: Trump is ’an international pariah’.
GO Washington (CNN) Leaked emails from former Secretary of State Colin Powell show him strongly criticizing Donald Trump, labeling him a ”national disgrace and an international pariah.” He also called the birther movement, which the Republican presidential nominee helped lead, ”racist.” ”That’s what the 99% believe.
GO CNN Poll of Polls: Clinton leads Trump by 2 points.
GO Washington (CNN) Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is leading Republican nominee Donald Trump by two points with likely voters in the most recent CNN Poll of Polls released Thursday.
GO Trump shifts on Cuba, says he would reverse Obama’s deal.
GO Miami (CNN) Donald Trump said Friday that he would reverse the deal President Barack Obama struck to reopen diplomatic relations and   some trade with Cuba unless the Cuban regime meets his demands to restore political freedoms and free political prisoners.
GO US Air Force grounds F-35 fighter jets.
GO Washington (CNN) The US Air Force said Friday it has grounded 10 of its   Joint Strike Fighters, just over a month after they were declared ”combat ready.” The decision affecting the most expensive weapons system ever was made ”due to the discovery of peeling and crumbling insulation in avionics cooling lines inside the fuel tanks,” the Air Force said in a statement, describing the action as a temporary pause in flight operations.” The faulty cooling lines affected a total of 57 aircraft, the statement said.
GO Obama: Would be ’personal insult’ to legacy if black voters don’t back Clinton.
GO Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama delivered an impassioned plea to the   community Saturday night to help stop Donald Trump, saying he would consider it a ”personal insult” to his legacy if black voters didn’t turn out for Hillary Clinton.
GO Vladimir Putin’s party winning in Russian elections.
GO Moscow (CNN) Russian President Vladimir Putin’s United Russia party is winning Sunday’s parliamentary elections, despite the presence of hundreds of opposition candidates on the ballot.
GO New York explosion leaves dozens injured in Chelsea.
GO New York (CNN) Police are hunting for answers on what caused an explosion that injured 29 people in New York’s Chelsea neighborhood, shortly before a second suspicious device was found nearby.
GO Trump ’bets’ terror suspect not on a watch list because he’s litigious.
GO Washington (CNN) Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said he ”bets” bombing suspect Ahmad Khan Rahami was probably not listed on a terror watch list because his family brought ”a lot of litigation” against ”different people.” ”The guy over the chicken stand brought litigation, a lot of litigation, against different people,” Trump told Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly in an interview set to air Monday.
GO Ivanka Trump, Paul Ryan meet.
GO Washington (CNN) Ivanka Trump, the Republican presidential nominee’s daughter, met with House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York on Monday, an aide to the Republican congressman confirmed to CNN.
GO Report: Trump used family charity to settle lawsuits against his businesses.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s campaign manager sought to downplay concerns raised by a report Tuesday that the Republican nominee’s personal philanthropy used more than $250, 000 to litigate lawsuits against opponents of his business interests.
GO Trump campaign defends son’s Skittles tweet.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s campaign on Tuesday stood by a controversial tweet issued by the candidate’s son, Donald Trump Jr. in which he likened Syrian refugees to a bowl of Skittles.
GO Number of those wrongly given citizenship higher than initially reported.
GO Washington (CNN) The number of individuals who were supposed to have been deported but were instead granted citizenship is far higher than was initially reported by media covering the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General’s office report on the matter.
GO Clinton economy speech to focus on valuing people with disabilities.
GO Chappaqua, New York (CNN) Hillary Clinton’s economic speech on Wednesday in Orlando will focus on how the United States can create an economy that values people with disabilities, an attempt to contrast the former secretary of state with Republican nominee Donald Trump.
GO Did ISIS use mustard agent against US troops?.
GO Washington (CNN) ISIS is suspected of firing a shell with mustard agent that landed at the Qayyara air base in Iraq Tuesday where US and Iraqi troops are operating, according to several US officials.
GO NAACP president: Trump’s comments ’insulting’.
GO Washington (CNN) NAACP President Cornell William Brooks derided Donald Trump Wednesday, saying his recent comments about   were ”an insulting degree of ignorance   insensitivity.” On Tuesday, the Republican presidential nominee said   communities in the US are ”absolutely in the worst shape that they’ve ever been in before.” ”We’re going to rebuild our inner cities because our   communities are absolutely in the worst shape that they’ve ever been in before.
GO How to live to 100.
GO Acciaroli, Italy (CNN)”Eat badly and work hard,”    Giuseppe told me when I asked him the secret to a long life.
GO Donald Trump’s rise puts Ted Cruz in a bind.
GO Washington (CNN) Rep. Trent Franks backed Ted Cruz during the GOP presidential primary, but he now has a message for the Texas Republican: Get in line behind Donald Trump.
GO Russian intelligence agencies behind US election hacks, lawmakers say.
GO Washington (CNN) The top Democrats on Congress’ intelligence committees boldly blamed Russian intelligence agencies for a series of hacks designed to influence the US presidential election.
GO Netanyahu to meet with Clinton, Trump on Sunday.
GO Washington (CNN) Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will meet separately with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on Sunday, several sources with knowledge of the meetings told CNN.
GO Charlotte shooting: Police release video.
GO Charlotte, North Carolina (CNN) Videos released Saturday by the Charlotte police department of the fatal encounter between Keith Scott and officers do little to answer some of the most significant questions about the shooting.
GO Body parts discovered during raid in suspected passport forgery.
GO Bangkok, Thailand (CNN) Thai police say they’ve arrested three men    including two Americans    after officers found human body parts in a freezer during a raid on an alleged passport forgery operation in Bangkok.
GO NYT editorial board endorses Clinton.
GO Washington (CNN) The New York Times’ editorial board on Saturday endorsed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for president calling comparing her to rival Donald Trump ”an empty exercise.” ”In any normal election year, we’d compare the two presidential candidates side by side on the issues.
GO How to watch the first presidential debate.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will take the stage Monday night for the first presidential debate, due to be broadcast live most everywhere.
GO 5 things to watch at Monday night’s Clinton-Trump debate.
GO New York (CNN) Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump face off for the first time on the debate stage Monday night, the biggest moment of the already extraordinary 2016 presidential race.
GO Charlotte police shooting: What happens next.
GO Charlotte, North Carolina (CNN) After nearly a week of protests in Charlotte, the Queen City has returned to near normal after officials had enacted both a state of emergency and a curfew following protests over a fatal police shooting.
GO Hillary Clinton prepares for unpredictable Trump at debate.
GO New York (CNN) Hillary Clinton is visiting only two battleground states this week    hardly a sign of confidence at her standing 49 days before the election, but an acknowledgement that one task reigns above all: Preparing for her first    confrontation with Donald Trump.
GO Harry Reid calls Donald Trump ’a racist’.
GO Washington (CNN) Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid called Donald Trump a racist on the Senate floor Monday, an escalation in the Nevada lawmaker’s war of words against the GOP presidential nominee in recent weeks.
GO Milo’s Tough Love: Gays Should Seek Solutions, Not Coddling, After Orlando - Breitbart.
GO Speaking on The Mike Slater Show with Mike Slater, Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos urged gays to toughen up, and seek solutions, not solace and   “ ” from conservatives in the wake of the homophobic Muslim attack in Orlando last weekend.
GO Assange: Media ’Erecting a Demon’ by Protecting Hillary Clinton - Breitbart.
GO In an interview with The New York Times, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange claimed that the media have “erected a demon” by protecting Hillary Clinton from criticism.
GO Report: Hollywood Dems Quietly Panicking Over Hillary.
GO While host Jimmy Kimmel and several other TV stars skewered Donald Trump during the 68th annual Emmy Awards on Sunday night, Hollywood Democrats were quietly panicking over the Republican presidential candidate’s election chances while mingling during   and   parties, according to a report.
GO Maddow: I Found Top Part of Bill’s DNC Speech ’Shocking and Rude’ - Breitbart.
GO During MSNBC’s coverage of the Democratic National Convention on Tuesday, host Rachel Maddow stated that she found the top part of former President Bill Clinton’s speech to the DNC “shocking and rude.
GO Rand Paul on Release of Pastor Saeed Abedini: ’Our Prayers Have Been Answered Today’ - Breitbart.
GO GOP presidential candidate Sen. Rand Paul ( ) responded to the release of Pastor Saeed Abedini from Iranian prison, saying, “Our prayers have been answered today.
GO Clinton Campaign: Extend Voter Registration Due to Hurricane.
GO Robby Mook, the campaign manager for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, demanded that Florida officials extend the state’s voter registration deadline past Tuesday due to disruptions caused by Hurricane Matthew.
GO Corey Lewandowski: Trump Isn’t Running For Second In Iowa, Or Anywhere Else - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski tells Breitbart Daily News host Stephen K. Bannon today, neither he nor Trump are fighting for second place in Iowa, “I’d love to say second place is great but it’s not.
GO Cavs Star Kyrie Irving Responds to Critics Who Accused Him of Throwing ‘No Black Girls Allowed’ ‘Milk Party’ - Breitbart.
GO Cleveland Cavs star Kyrie Irving felt compelled to respond to critics on social media who accused him of throwing a “No Black Girls Allowed” party on a yacht after winning the NBA title.
GO Pat Caddell: Election ’More Rigged on a Cosmic Level Than a Precinct Level’.
GO Pat Caddell talked about polling with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow and “just how concerned people are” about a possible rigged election.
GO Reince Priebus on Trump, Ryan: ’I’ll Talk to Paul and We’ll Try to Work on This’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus suggests it will take time for some in the Republican Party to warm up to presumed nominee Donald Trump, and says his first goal is to broker peace between Trump and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan.
GO Nativity Scene Could Offend Muslims, Priest Says.
GO A priest in Italy has caused uproar after announcing there would be no Christmas nativity scene at the local cemetery this year because it could offend Muslims and atheists.
GO Manafort: Middle America Is Not Interested in Trump’s Taxes - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s convention manager Paul Manafort said that it is “middle America” that does not care about Trump’s tax returns.
GO Former Abortionist Uses Medical Animations To Show What Happens To Baby and Mother During Abortion - Breitbart.
GO   organization Live Action is showing a video series in which a former abortionist uses medical animations to reveal the harsh reality of abortion for both mother and baby.
GO Ted Cruz Campaign: Rubio Has ’Been Reduced To Spreading False Internet Rumors’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidates Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) are still going after each other in South Carolina, with Cruz’s campaign saying that Rubio has: “been reduced to spreading false Internet rumors.
GO Britain Could Cut Immigration By 100,000 Without Hurting Economy, Report Says.
GO Britain will be able to slash immigration by 100, 000 per year after Brexit without damaging the economy, a new report has said.
GO Tavis Smiley: ’I Am Tired of Black Voters Being Taken For Granted By One Party’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” talk show host and liberal political commentator Tavis Smiley said he is tired of Democrats taking the   vote for granted.
GO Joe Biden: Hillary ’Doesn’t Say Enough’ to Reach Out to the Middle Class - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on CNN’s “New Day,” Vice President Joe Biden said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, “doesn’t say enough” to reach out to the middle class.
GO Judiciary Chairman Demands Immigration History of Ohio Machete Attacker - Breitbart.
GO House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte ( ) wants the immigration history of Mohamed Barry, the Guinea national who attacked diners at an Ohio restaurant with a machete earlier this month.
GO Breitbart News Daily: Ohio -- the Key That Picks the Lock.
GO On the Tuesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon will focus the discussion on the Trump campaign’s path to victory in the key battleground state of Ohio.
GO Report: Donald Trump to Reach GOP Convention Only 74 Delegates Short of Majority - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is on track to reach the Republican National Convention in July with a score of delegates only 74 shy of the 1, 237 delegate majority, according to a new calculation.
GO MILO Most Disinvited Speaker of 2016 As Campus Censorship Hits Record Highs - Breitbart.
GO MILO was the most disinvited speaker of 2016 as levels of campus censorship hit record highs, according to a new report by the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE).
GO Obama Discusses Memorial Day: ’I Have No More Solemn Obligation’ Than Leading Troops - Breitbart.
GO During Saturday’s Weekly Address, President Obama discussed Memorial Day, and that “I have no more solemn obligation than leading our men and women in uniform.
GO Whoopi: ’The Constitution Doesn’t Say You Can Carry Hundreds of Guns’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday on ABC’s “The View,” while commenting the Orlando mass shooting that killed 50 people,   Whoopi Goldberg railed against the Second Amendment of the Constitution arguing the Constitution doesn’t “say you can carry hundreds of guns.
GO Watch: University of Virginia Students Sign Petition to Ban Christmas - Breitbart.
GO Campus Reform took to the University of Virginia dressed as “The Hipsters Who Stole Christmas” to see if students would sign their petition to ban Christmas.
GO 5 Businesses That Rejected Moms Demand Action’s Gun Ban Campaign - Breitbart.
GO Following news that Greensboro, North   The Fresh Market caved to Moms Demand Action and will no longer serve armed   citizens, Breitbart News thought it timely to provide a list of businesses that refuse submit to the campaign to disarm   citizens.
GO BBC: Even Liberals Are Buying Guns Under Trump.
GO On December 20, the BBC pointed out that the “traditional” image of the American gun buyer is shifting under Donald Trump even liberals are making gun purchases.
GO Hillary Clinton Says She Was in New York City on 9/11 (She Wasn’t) - Breitbart.
GO Campaigning in Florida on Tuesday, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton claimed that she was in New York City on   when terrorists flew planes into the World Trade Center.
GO Indiana Woman Escapes Abusive Husband by Biting His Scrotum - Breitbart.
GO An Indiana woman told police she escaped an abusive husband by biting his scrotum to facilitate her get away, a police report notes.
GO Daniel Horowitz Exposes Paul Ryan ’Jail Break’ Agenda - Breitbart.
GO Conservative Review editor Daniel Horowitz joined Breitbart News Daily with host Stephen K. Bannon to discuss House Speaker Paul Ryan’s upcoming steps to fund Obama’s dangerous “prison break” agenda that includes retroactively freeing drug traffickers, even as the public’s concerns about a new crime wave grow.
GO NY Mag Reveals Why Donald Trump Took on Fox News.
GO Gabe Sherman writes that Donald Trump “was able to do something that no other Republican has done before: take on Fox News” because he has dirt on Roger Ailes from a former employee.
GO DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz Dropped From Convention After WikiLeaks Scandal - Breitbart.
GO Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Chair of the Democratic National Committee has been dropped from the party’s lineup of convention speakers following WikiLeaks’ release of explosive DNC emails showing members of the organization actively working against the Bernie Sanders campaign.
GO Gun Sales, Concealed Permit Applications Soar in Washington State After Mall Attack.
GO Gun sales and concealed carry permit applications have been soaring in Washington state following the heinous September 23 attack that left five dead at Cascade Mall in Burlington, Washington.
GO Hillary Clinton: Donald Trump is a ’Cancer’ - Breitbart.
GO Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is mocking Donald Trump as “Donkey of the Decade,” and adding that she considers the billionaire presidential candidate a “cancer” whose politics scare her.
GO Trump: Hillary Clinton Can’t Claim to Be Friend of Gay Community.
GO Donald Trump attacked Hillary Clinton’s credentials in leading the gay community after she refused to condemn radical Islamic terrorism in the aftermath of the Orlando gay nightclub shooting.
GO Remembering Andrew Breitbart: ‘F*ck You, John Podesta!’ - Breitbart.
GO In 2010, Andrew Breitbart recognized Clinton campaign chair John Podesta as one of the biggest, most corrupt figures in Washington, D. C. [“Fuck you, John Podesta,” he told journalist Dave Weigel, who then wrote for Slate.
GO ’Milo’ Trends at #1 in U.S. on Twitter Following News of Book Deal - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Senior Editor MILO trended as the number one topic in the US on Twitter Thursday within an hour of the announcement of his upcoming book, Dangerous.
GO Muslim Woman Becomes First to Wear Hijab in ’Playboy’ Magazine.
GO A Muslim journalist has become the first woman to pose in a hijab in this month’s issue of Playboy magazine.
GO Don Lemon: I Am Polite to Police ’Because I Don’t Want to Be Killed’.
GO Don Lemon, host of CNN Tonight, went on an emotional rant Thursday about how being a black man in the U. S. compels him to be unnecessarily polite to police officers he comes in contact with because he wants to “stay alive.
GO Germany: Muslim Migrant with Four Wives and 23 Children Receives $390,000 a Year in Benefits.
GO A Syrian refugee who was granted asylum in Germany, along with his four wives and 23 children, is now reportedly receiving 360 thousand euro ($390, 000) a year in benefits, sparking outrage among German citizens.
GO Breitbart/Gravis Poll: Clinton at 43% Leads Trump at 40% - Breitbart.
GO The race for president continues be close with Democratic nominee Hillary R. Clinton leading her GOP rival Donald J. Trump with 43 percent of the vote to his 40 percent, according to the   national presidential poll conducted Sept. 7 and Sept. 8 with 2, 348 likely voters.
GO George Clooney: Trump, Cruz Running Campaigns Based on Fear - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” actor George Clooney said Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz ( ) were running campaigns based on fear.
GO Psaki: ’No Plans’ To Address Iran Capturing Sailors, Revoking Deal Over This Isn’t ’What We Want To See’ - Breitbart.
GO White House Communications Director Jen Psaki said that the president has “no plans” to address Iran detaining 10 American sailors in the State of the Union, the president will “absolutely” tout the deal as an accomplishment, and cancelling the nuclear deal if Iran refuses to release the sailors “would not be aligned with what we want and what we want to see with the nuclear deal” on Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Situation Room.
GO John Bolton on Europe’s Migrant Crisis: ‘Only a Matter of Time Before Some of Those Terrorists Get to the United States’ - Breitbart.
GO Former UN ambassador John Bolton believes the impact of Europe’s ongoing migrant crisis on America is “huge” and is one of the reasons why national security “has got to be at the center of the 2016 debate” because, as he pointed out, “It’s only a matter of time before some of those terrorists get to the United States.
GO Comey: Hillary’s Servers Were Less Secure Than a Gmail Account - Breitbart.
GO During testimony before Congress on Thursday, FBI Director James Comey stated that the servers maintained by presumptive Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton were less secure than a Gmail account.
GO Nation’s Dave Zirin: Trump Told Kaepernick to Go Back to Africa - Breitbart.
GO The Nation magazine sports editor Dave Zirin accused Donald Trump Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” of telling San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick to go back to Africa when the GOP presidential nominee suggested Kaepernick should find a different country to live in if he is upset with America.
GO John Oliver Accused of Stealing ‘Debt-Buying’ Idea.
GO John Oliver, host of HBO’s Last Week Tonight, has been accused of stealing the idea of “ ” from another organization and using it on his show.
GO Rob Maness: Rick Perry Pick as Energy Secretary Is ‘About Jobs’.
GO Retired Air Force Colonel and former energy executive Rob Maness told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday he thinks “eliminating the radical regulations that have been put in place that have hampered the energy business across all sectors” is something “Governor Perry is going to tackle right away” when confirmed as head of the Department of Energy (DOE).
GO Pope Francis: War Is Satan’s Work, ‘There Is No God of War’.
GO On the 30th annual World Day of Prayer, Pope Francis met with leaders of the world’s religions to pray for peace, insisting that “God is a God of Peace.
GO DePaul University, We Want Our Money Back - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart News is demanding its money back from DePaul University after being forced to pay security fees for guards who failed to secure Milo Yiannopoulos’ safety during his talk at the university.
GO Hillary Clinton: ‘I Am Sure’ There Are No Embarrassing Clinton Foundation Emails - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton assures MSNBC’s Mika Brzezinski that there are no embarrassing emails that exist surrounding her work and the State Department and donations to the Clinton Foundation.
GO Judge Upholds Suspension Of 2nd Grader Who Chewed Pastry Into Shape Of Gun - Breitbart.
GO The suspension of second grader who chewed his breakfast pastry into the shape of a gun was upheld by a circuit court judge last week.
GO PEW Poll: 44 Percent of All Households Now Have a Gun.
GO A Pew Research Center poll released on August 26 shows that 44 percent of all households now own a gun.
GO Laptop with Entire Clinton Email Archive Lost in the Mail - Breitbart.
GO Both an Apple laptop and a thumb drive containing a 2013 archive of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s emails was lost after being put in the mail and never provided to the FBI according to the agency’s documentation of it’s investigation into Clinton’s mishandling of classified information.
GO Reggae Star Cancels Performance after Contracting Zika Virus - Breitbart.
GO   reggae star Beenie Man says he was forced to drop out of a scheduled performance Saturday night at Toronto’s annual OVO Fest when the Canadian government denied his visa request after he contracted the Zika virus.
GO Gene Simmons: Trump Won - ’People Should Get Over It and Move On’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday night while leaving Catch, a seafood restaurant in West Hollywood, CA, with his wife and daughter, KISS member Gene Simmons said of   Donald Trump’s victory, “I think people should get over it and move on.
GO Hillary Clinton: I Debated Donald Trump, Proving I Have the Stamina to Be President - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton told a group of supporters that it was clear she had the stamina to serve as president, after debating Donald Trump three times.
GO Donald Trump Receives Bay of Pigs Veterans Association’s First Ever Endorsement - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump received the endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in Miami, the first such endorsement in the history of the   group.
GO Game Developer Who Called For Mosque Surveillance Reinstated On Twitter Following Breitbart Article - Breitbart.
GO Mark Kern, the veteran game developer who was suspended from Twitter after suggesting that radical mosques be subject to the same NSA surveillance as other Americans, has had his account reinstated following Breitbart Tech’s report yesterday.
GO Mike Pence Meets with Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
GO Vice   Mike Pence met with former Secretary of State Condoleezza “Condi” Rice in the Washington, D. C. transition office on Wednesday to discuss bringing her on board the new administration.
GO WAR ON SPEECH: Chicago Review Of Books Boycotts Simon &amp Schuster Over MILO Deal - Breitbart.
GO The Chicago Review of Books tweeted today that they would not be reviewing any books published by Simon and Schuster in 2017, calling the publishing of Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s book, DANGEROUS, a “disgusting validation of hate.
GO No, 2015 Was Not The Hottest Year Evah... - Breitbart.
GO Over the next few days and weeks you will hear lots and lots of stories about how 2015 was the “Hottest Year Evah”.
GO Gary Johnson Excluded from Presidential Debate - Breitbart.
GO Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson is being excluded from the presidential debate, even though he’s pulling 9 percent in many states, and even 13 percent in Colorado.
GO Colombia: Venezuela Is Hiding Zika Cases.
GO Venezuela may be the weakest link in the fight against Zika in the Americas, Colombian Health Minister Alejandro Gaviria warned this week, with experts asserting that the socialist nation may be hiding hundreds of thousands of cases of contamination of the pervasive virus.
GO Rob Reiner: Trump ’Most Unqualified Person Ever To Run For President In My Lifetime’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on MSNBC, actor and director Rob Reiner said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was “the single most unqualified person ever to run for president in my lifetime.
GO New Takata air bag recall to cover five million U.S. vehicles.
GO The new action brings to 28 million the number of Takata air bag inflators recalled and increases the number of vehicles affected in the United States to as many as 24 million, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) said.
GO Johnson Controls to buy Ireland-based Tyco for $16.5 billion.
GO By moving its headquarters to Cork, Ireland, Johnson Controls would become the latest major U. S. company to carry out a     after drug giant Pfizer Inc ( ) structured such a deal with Irish peer Allergan Plc ( ) last November.
GO In coastal New Jersey, a flood of criticism for Christie follows storm.
GO The storm that walloped Washington and New York with about 2 feet (60 cm) of snow hit coastal Cape May County in New Jersey with tides higher than those measured during 2012’s Superstorm Sandy, sending salt water into properties and forcing hundreds of people to evacuate.
GO Wall Street looking at three rate hikes by Fed in 2016: poll.
GO In a Reuters poll on Wednesday of primary dealers that deal directly with the Federal Reserve, 15 of the 21 that responded expect at least three rate increases by the end of the year, which leaves open the possibility of a rate hike as early as March.
GO Last two California jail escapees caught in San Francisco after tip.
GO LOS ANGELES   The last two fugitives who broke out of a California jail last week were arrested on a tip from a man who saw their stolen van in the parking lot of a San Francisco Whole Foods supermarket, authorities said on Saturday, the day after a third escapee turned himself in.
GO Xerox to split into two companies, Icahn to get board seats on one.
GO Activist investor Carl Icahn, who first revealed a stake in Xerox in November, will get three board seats on the outsourcing company.
GO Russian diver scores 0.0 on one of the worst dives in Olympic history.
GO ”      Russian diver Nadezhda Bazhina saw her Olympic medal   dreams vanish before her eyes on a brutal dive in the women’s     springboard prelims.
GO JORGE RAMOS: Mexican president looked ’weak and shy’ next to Donald Trump.
GO ’   Jorge Ramos ripped Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto on   Wednesday after a bilateral meeting that the president held with   Donald Trump.
GO Visa CEO Charles Scharf to resign, ex-AmEx president to take over.
GO Kelly, who already sits on Visa’s board of directors, will take over as CEO following Scharf’s resignation, which is effective Dec. 1.
GO Planning cities is critical challenge in 21st century, United Nations says.
GO QUITO, Ecuador (Thomson Reuters Foundation)   Urban planning has failed to keep up with mass urbanization around the world, placing cities at the epicenter of the 21st century’s most pressing challenges, a top United Nations official said on Monday.
GO For Trump, challenging an election loss would be tough.
GO Trump has said he is worried the Nov. 8 election might be rigged in favor of his opponent, Hillary Clinton, and in Wednesday’s debate he refused to say he would accept the outcome.
GO Women and men won’t reach economic equality until 2186, index says.
GO NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation)   Efforts to close gender gaps in pay and workforce participation slowed so dramatically in the past year that men and women may not reach economic equality for another 170 years, the World Economic Forum said on Tuesday.
GO Exclusive: Dr Pepper Snapple in talks to buy Bai Brands - sources.
GO The talks come after Reuters reported on Oct. 3 that Bai was exploring a sale, sending Dr Pepper Snapple shares lower on concerns that its distribution of Bai would be jeopardized if sold to a rival such as   Co ( ) and PepsiCo Inc ( ).
GO Cruz: Election was revenge of ’flyover country’.
GO Washington (CNN) Sen. Ted Cruz offered his assessment of Hillary Clinton’s stunning defeat Friday, calling it the ”revenge of flyover country.” Speaking to a gathering of conservative lawyers in Washington, Cruz said the election ”was an incredible vindication for the American people across this country, and especially those that you know in rural America, in what elites on both coasts consider to be ’flyover country.’ This election can be well understood as the revenge of flyover country.”   Cruz was particularly critical of Hillary Clinton’s campaign.
GO Amal Clooney: Trump’s ideas would break international human rights laws.
GO Washington (CNN) International human rights lawyer Amal Clooney warned that   Donald Trump’s policies would harm Muslim Americans in the US and across the world.
GO White nationalist bloodied during DC protest.
GO Washington (CNN) A member of a white nationalist group was bloodied Saturday while confronting a large group of protesters outside the site of a Washington conference celebrating Donald Trump’s presidential victory.
GO 2 senior officials ask for head of NSA to be replaced.
GO Washington (CNN) The defense secretary and director of national intelligence have asked President Barack Obama to replace the head of the National Security Agency, Admiral Michael Rogers, a US official familiar with the matter confirms to CNN.
GO In Peru, Obama predicts rising tensions on trade.
GO Lima, Peru (CNN) President Barack Obama predicted in Peru Saturday that a Trump presidency won’t result in ”major changes in policy” for the   America relationship, though he conceded that tensions are likely to rise on the subject of trade.
GO Grandson of Rep. Danny Davis shot to death in Chicago.
GO Washington (CNN) The grandson of a sitting congressman was shot to death in Chicago Friday evening.
GO Priebus: Trump’s White House counsel will ensure no conflicts of interest.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s    chief of staff, Reince Priebus, said Sunday that the incoming White House counsel will be tasked with making sure there are no conflicts of interest with the real estate mogul’s business empire.
GO Priebus on $25 million settlement: Trump wanted to take office ’without distraction’.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s incoming chief of staff defended his new boss’ decision to pay $25 million to settle Trump University lawsuits, saying the   simply wanted to put that litigation to rest before taking the oath of office.
GO Welcome to Duterte country .
GO DAVAO CITY, Philippines (CNN) Davao City, on the southern Philippines’ island of Mindanao, is the stronghold of the country’s outspoken, unrepentant President Rodrigo Duterte.
GO ’Hamilton’: The latest feud Trump won’t let go.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump isn’t letting slights go    even after the   accomplishment of winning the presidency.
GO 56-car pileup in China leaves 17 dead.
GO Beijing (CNN) Slippery conditions and fog are thought to have contributed to a huge highway pileup that killed 17 people in northeastern China.
GO Hurricane Otto kills three people in Panama.
GO Atlanta (CNN) Three people in Panama have died and four are missing as Hurricane Otto approaches Central America, Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela told reporters Tuesday.
GO Hillary Clinton’s lead in popular vote nears 2 million.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton’s lead in the popular vote is now nearing 2 million votes, approaching the milestone as the campaign begins to hear from scientists who want to see a recount in several states.
GO Chattanooga school bus crash: Bus was not on designated route.
GO Chattanooga, Tennessee (CNN) A Chattanooga school bus had not been traveling on its designated route when it crashed, killing six children and injuring dozens, investigators said.
GO How Gary Johnson and Jill Stein helped elect Donald Trump.
GO Washington (CNN) Neither Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson nor the Green Party’s Jill Stein managed to make a dent in the Electoral College, but they did post a significant enough showing in several states arguably to help elect Donald Trump.
GO Clinton to join recount that Trump calls ’scam’.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton’s campaign said Saturday it will take part in efforts to push for recounts in several key states, joining with Green Party candidate Jill Stein, who has raised millions of dollars to have votes counted again in Wisconsin.
GO No tears: US pols react to Fidel Castro’s death.
GO Washington (CNN) American lawmakers    including those with Cuban ties    reacted strongly Saturday to Fidel Castro’s death.
GO Tennessee fires force evacuations in Gatlinburg.
GO Gatlinburg, Tennessee (CNN) Fanned by strong winds and the Southeast’s worst drought in nearly a decade, at least 14 wildfires burned in and around Gatlinburg, Tennessee, forcing evacuations from the popular tourist destination and nearby communities.
GO Thailand: Time is ’appropriate’ for Crown Prince to become king.
GO Bangkok (CNN) Thailand’s parliament says now is an appropriate time for Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn to assume the throne.
GO What challenges are facing Pakistan’s new army chief?.
GO Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) Pakistan has named a new army chief as the country faces a host of complex issues, from potential war with India, terrorism, and Donald Trump.
GO Jill Stein defends her recount efforts.
GO Washington (CNN) Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein defended her recount efforts Monday, even though she admits there is no evidence of fraud at the ballot box.
GO Wesley Clark: Flynn will have to ’reconcile what he’s said’ about Muslims.
GO Washington (CNN) Retired Gen. Wesley Clark said Tuesday retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn will have to ”reconcile the things he’s said” about Muslims when he becomes national security adviser to   Donald Trump.
GO Gatlinburg, TN residents escape ’firestorm’.
GO Gatlinburg, Tennessee (CNN) Three people died in raging wildfires in Sevier County, Tennessee, that scorched roughly 15, 000 acres, showered residents with embers and sent people scrambling to evacuate from resort communities.
GO What Fidel Castro funeral RSVPs say about the world.
GO Havana, Cuba (CNN) Fidel Castro’s funeral will bring together an unlikely mix of world leaders, royalty, Marxist guerillas and Hollywood actors.
GO Toughest UN sanctions yet to cost North Korea $800 million .
GO New York (CNN) North Korea has been slammed with its toughest sanctions ever in a harsh international reprimand to the rogue state’s repeated nuclear and missile tests.
GO Putin: Russia is ready to work with new US leadership.
GO Moscow (CNN) Russian President Vladimir Putin said his country is ready to cooperate with the new US administration, as he gave his annual     address Thursday in Moscow.
GO Howard Dean drops out of DNC chair race.
GO Washington (CNN) Howard Dean has dropped his bid for a second stint chairing the Democratic National Committee, citing ”other priorities” and a ”possibly divisive” race.
GO Jill Stein says she’ll ’escalate’ Pennsylvania recount case after earlier plans to drop it.
GO Washington (CNN) Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein said early Sunday she would ”escalate” her statewide recount efforts in Pennsylvania through a federal lawsuit, after announcing she would drop it.
GO Paul Ryan says he and Trump speak ’about every day’.
GO Washington (CNN) Paul Ryan and   Donald Trump, at odds for much of the 2016 campaign, now speak ”about every day,” the House speaker said in a   interview aired Sunday.
GO Dakota Access Pipeline to be rerouted .
GO Near Cannon Ball, North Dakota (CNN) Celebrations, tears of joy, chanting and drumming rang out among thousands of protesters at the Standing Rock site after the Army Corp of Engineers announced it will look for an alternate route for the Dakota Access Pipeline to cross under Lake Oahe in North Dakota.
GO Trump now considering more than four for secretary of state, Conway says.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump is now considering more than four people for secretary of state, senior adviser Kellyanne Conway said Sunday.
GO How rich would you be if you actually got a penny for every thought?.
GO          Last weekend, as I was pensively staring into nothingness on the DC metro, a stranger approached me and said, “A penny for your thoughts?”    We struck up a conversation, then, two stops later, went our separate ways.
GO Did D.C. area private schools brush off Trump adviser? Reports about Kellyanne Conway are greatly exaggerated..
GO      Media reports that D. C. area private schools have brushed off Kellyanne Conway, the woman who ran   Donald Trump’s successful presidential campaign and who will serve as counselor to the president, are, it turns out, greatly exaggerated.
GO Ethics advocates warn Trump that he needs to do more to divest from family business.
GO A bipartisan group of ethics advocates lobbed a second letter to   Donald Trump on Monday evening warning him that he needs to do more to separate himself from his family business interests.
GO Megyn Kelly leaving Fox News for NBC.
GO       Megyn Kelly, a star host at Fox News whose profile soared after a feud with Donald Trump, will leave the network for a prominent role at NBC News, a person at NBC News confirmed.
GO Macy’s delivers disappointing holiday season, plans to cut more than 10,000 jobs.
GO      Department store giant Macy’s said Wednesday that it plans to slash more than 10, 000 jobs and will close its location at Landmark Mall in Alexandria, Va. as part of a previously announced plan to shutter 100 of its 730 stores nationwide, a coda to a disappointing holiday season.
GO Equifax and TransUnion fined $23 million for misrepresenting credit products.
GO      Two of the nation’s largest credit reporting bureaus, TransUnion and Equifax, will together pay more than $23 million in fines and refunds to settle charges from a federal consumer watchdog that they misled consumers about the pricing and value of credit products.
GO Five people killed in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport, suspect in custody.
GO          Police said a lone gunman opened fire Friday at the Fort Lauderdale, Fla. international airport, killing five people in a brief shooting rampage that sent several others to the hospital.
GO Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev gets death.
GO Boston (CNN) A federal jury Friday sentenced Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to death, the final chapter to a brutal, emotionally exhausting trial that brought forth indelible images of an unspeakable crime.
GO CNN Hero gets food that would be wasted to the needy.
GO New York (CNN) Like many children, Robert Lee was taught never to waste food.
GO Look at me! 24 selfies of the week.
GO Take a look at 24 selfies of the week from May 6 through May 12.
GO Carter: ISIS raid a ’significant blow’ to terror group.
GO Washington (CNN) The U. S. operation that killed a key ISIS commander on Saturday was a ”significant blow” to the terror group, Defense Secretary Ashton Carter said.
GO Egypt’s ex-President Mohamed Morsy sentenced to death.
GO Cairo (CNN) Former Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy was sentenced Saturday by a Cairo court to death    the latest judicial setback for the ousted leader.
GO Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton earned over $30 million since 2014.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary and Bill Clinton have made more than $30 million since January 2014, according to a financial disclosure form provided to CNN and confirmed by a Clinton campaign aide.
GO Alabama rape bait case heard in federal court.
GO Atlanta (CNN) An Alabama girl who said she was persuaded by a teacher’s aide to act as bait to catch an accused sexual predator finally had her case heard in a federal court, more than five years after the alleged incident.
GO Joe Biden’s son Beau Biden being treated at hospital.
GO Washington (CNN) Vice President Joe Biden’s son Beau, the former attorney general of Delaware, was being treated at a military hospital outside of Washington on Tuesday.
GO No lobster? Kim Jong Un takes aim at terrapin farm.
GO Hong Kong (CNN) It’s usually top generals or potential rivals who feel the wrath of North Korea’s leader, but this week Kim Jong Un’s ire was directed at a terrapin farm.
GO Police: 9 arrested over London’s Hatton Garden heist.
GO London (CNN) Nine men have been arrested in connection with the   Hatton Garden heist, last month’s theft of gems and cash from a safe deposit company in the heart of London’s jewelry district, the Metropolitan Police said Tuesday.
GO Washington family killings suspect charged with murder.
GO Washington (CNN) The man charged with the killing of three members of a prominent Washington, D. C. family and their housekeeper did not act alone, prosecutors said they believe.
GO Mike Huckabee stands by Josh Duggar, family.
GO Washington (CNN) Mike Huckabee is standing by the Duggar family following the admission by eldest son Joshua Duggar that he committed ”inexcusable” actions as a teenager, amid a shocking report outlining multiple allegations of child molestation against him.
GO President Obama: We’re not losing against ISIS.
GO Washington (CNN) Assessing his war on ISIS after the group overtook the key Iraqi city of Ramadi, President Barack Obama said in an interview this week his strategy against the terrorists isn’t failing.
GO Look at me! 28 selfies of the week.
GO Take a look at 28 selfies of the week from May 12 through May 19.
GO Iraq operation aims to push ISIS from Anbar, Salaheddin.
GO Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) Iraq forces have launched a major military operation to liberate Iraq’s Anbar and Salaheddin provinces from ISIS, Iraqi state media and a key Shia militia group said Tuesday, a little more than a week after the militant group overran Anbar’s provincial capital, Ramadi.
GO Democratic Rep. Kirkpatrick to challenge John McCain.
GO Washington (CNN) Arizona Sen. John McCain will get a   challenger in his bid for   later this year now that Democratic Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick has decided to run for the Senate.
GO The Clintons celebrate Memorial Day in Chappaqua.
GO Chappaqua, New York (CNN) Bill and Hillary Clinton had two goals during Monday’s Memorial Day parade in Chappaqua: Honor the men and women who lost their lives at war and not talk about the 2016 campaign.
GO Ben Carson captures southern Republican straw poll.
GO Washington (CNN) Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson handily won the Southern Republican Leadership Conference straw poll on Saturday, the first major survey to take the temperature of the Republican presidential field in the south.
GO Iraqi forces, ISIS militants clash in Anbar operation.
GO Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) ISIS militants killed 30 Iraqi soldiers in a suicide bomb attack in Iraq’s key Anbar province, security officials told CNN on Wednesday, a day after the launch of a major operation to liberate Anbar and Salaheddin provinces from ISIS.
GO Look at me! 26 selfies of the week.
GO Take a look at 26 selfies of the week from May 20 through May 26.
GO Hillary Clinton baits Republicans on equal pay.
GO Columbia, South Carolina (CNN) Hillary Clinton, at times using a southern drawl, knocked Republicans for blocking equal pay legislation on Wednesday in remarks that appeared to goad 2016 GOP candidates into a debate on the issue.
GO Army may have shipped live anthrax to Australia.
GO Washington (CNN) In what is emerging as a widening military investigation into the accidental shipment of live anthrax, the Army discovered it may have shipped the live pathogen to Australia back around 2008 or 2009, the Pentagon said Friday.
GO Wendy Sherman leaving state department.
GO Washington (CNN) A top State Department official    Wendy Sherman    will depart following the completion of the Iran nuclear talks, a source confirms to CNN.
GO Hillary Clinton wins over a voter.
GO Columbia, South Carolina (CNN) Hillary Clinton is a lifelong Methodist, but you wouldn’t know that by listening to most of her speeches.
GO Texas flooding puts Cruz, GOP in bind on climate change.
GO Washington (CNN) The heavy flooding that’s overwhelmed Texas and killed more than 30 people has put Sen. Ted Cruz in a bind on climate change.
GO Dennis Hastert, former House speaker, indicted.
GO Washington (CNN) Federal officials have indicted former House Speaker Dennis Hastert for lying to the FBI about $3.
GO Molestation claim against Michael Jackson estate dismissed.
GO Los Angeles (CNN) A molestation claim made against the estate of Michael Jackson has been dismissed.
GO Lindsey Graham retires from Air Force.
GO Washington (CNN) Lindsey Graham is leaving the Air Force Reserves    even though he ”wouldn’t leave if they weren’t making me,” he says.
GO Singapore Airlines jet loses power in a storm.
GO Hong Kong (CNN) A Singapore Airlines Airbus   with more than 180 passengers on board temporarily lost power to both of its engines as it passed through a storm, the airline has said.
GO Shepard Fairey: I’ve run out of hope for Obama.
GO Washington (CNN) Shepard Fairey says he’s run out of hope for President Barack Obama.
GO Martin O’Malley enters 2016 presidential race.
GO Baltimore (CNN) Martin O’Malley launched his presidential campaign Saturday with an appeal to the party’s progressive base that he hopes will upend the conventional wisdom that Hillary Clinton is destined to clinch the Democratic nomination.
GO O’Malley: Either Clinton or Bush would suit Wall Street.
GO Washington (CNN) Martin O’Malley says Wall Street would accept either Hillary Clinton or Jeb Bush as president    but wouldn’t be happy if the former Maryland governor won.
GO TSA screeners failed tests to detect explosives, weapons.
GO Washington (CNN) The Department of Homeland Security said Monday that the acting administrator for the Transportation Security Administration would be reassigned, following a report that airport screeners failed to detect explosives and weapons in nearly every test that an undercover team conducted at dozens of airports.
GO The Atlantic Daily: Rise Up.
GO         This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as The Atlantic Daily, a newsletter with stories, ideas, and images from The Atlantic, written specially for subscribers.
GO Amy Schumer: The Comical Is Political.
GO “The show became political,” Ryan Atwood explained of his dissatisfaction with Amy Schumer’s   show in Tampa, Florida, after some 200 members of the show’s audience walked out in protest of jokes she made about Donald Trump.
GO Administering the SAT for 53 Years.
GO The SAT exam has gone through many iterations, each, some say, fixing some problems and creating others.
GO The Atlantic Daily: Reaching an Impasse.
GO         This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as The Atlantic Daily, a newsletter with stories, ideas, and images from The Atlantic, written specially for subscribers.
GO Can a Corporation Have a Soul?.
GO In light of recent corporate scandals such as Wells Fargo’s, one can be excused for wondering whether corporations seek anything beyond profits for their shareholders by any means necessary.
GO Why Economic Growth Is So Lackluster.
GO U. S. economic growth is anemic, and the country needs to do something about it, quickly.
GO The Atlantic Daily: Conservatives Clash.
GO         This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as The Atlantic Daily, a newsletter with stories, ideas, and images from The Atlantic, written specially for subscribers.
GO Why Thousands of Women in Iceland Left Work Two Hours Early This Week.
GO On Monday, around 2:38 PM, thousands of women left work early and headed to Austurvollur square in the Icelandic capital of Reykjavik.
GO The Inevitability of Being Hacked.
GO Last week, a massive chain of hacked computers simultaneously dropped what they were doing and blasted terabytes of junk data to a set of key servers, temporarily shutting down access to popular sites in the eastern U. S. and beyond.
GO The Atlantic Daily: Embattled Positions.
GO         This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as The Atlantic Daily, a newsletter with stories, ideas, and images from The Atlantic, written specially for subscribers.
GO When Will Robots Take All the Jobs?.
GO There is a contradiction in economic forecasting today that I’ve come to think of as the “robot paradox.
GO How to Make the Most of a Predictable NBA Season.
GO The 71st NBA season started just last week, but most of the league’s followers already feel pretty confident about how it will end.
GO The Print Apocalypse and How to Survive It.
GO For the last 15 years, the decline of print newspapers has been the sort of story that, ironically, many newspapers have trouble following.
GO These Numbers Are Starting To Matter.
GO We are now moving into that period of time when the early state polls really start to matter.
GO New Poll: Sanders Moves Ahead Of Clinton In Iowa.
GO Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) has moved into the lead in Iowa over former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, according to polling conducted by the American Research Group released Monday.
GO Liz Mair Debates Ann Coulter On Trump: ’You Are In No Way Conservative’.
GO Republican consultant Liz Mair, who last year launched an effort to take down Donald Trump, on Monday night battled conservative commentator Ann Coulter over Trump’s policy ideas, blasting Coulter for not supporting a true conservative.
GO Law Prof: Cruz Is Not A Natural Born Citizen And Thus Can’t Be President.
GO The Washington Post published an   Tuesday by a constitutional law professor who asserts that due to his Canadian birth, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is not a natural born American citizen and thus is ineligible under the Constitution to be president.
GO PHOTOS: Kim Davis Arrives For The State Of The Union Address.
GO Kim Davis, the defiant Kentucky county clerk who refused to issue marriage licenses to   couples, arrived Tuesday night for President Barack Obama’s final State of the Union address decked out in red, white and blue.
GO GOP Rep. Had No Idea He Gave Kim Davis A Ticket To State Of The Union.
GO Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) had no idea that his staff invited Kentucky clerk Kim Davis to Tuesday night’s State of the Union Address, according to a Huffington Post report.
GO Textbook Publisher Sacked Employee In O’Keefe Sting Video On Common Core.
GO Houghton Mifflin Harcourt on Tuesday distanced itself from comments made by a now former employee about the publishing industry’s role in Common Core, which were captured in a sting video produced by conservative video maker James O’Keefe.
GO Rancher: Bundy & Co. ‘Didn’t Have My Permission’ To Destroy Fence.
GO Ammon Bundy and his band of militiamen said they destroyed a fence at the site of their   standoff earlier this week to help out a nearby rancher, but that rancher said Wednesday that he did not give them permission and does not support their mission.
GO Was Al Jazeera America Doomed From the Start?.
GO You may have heard that today Al Jazeera announced it is shuttering Al Jazeera America, the   and   version of the wildly successful global news network.
GO Rand Paul Jabs At Cruz’s Eligibility To Run For Prez While Boycotting Debate.
GO Sen. Rand Paul ( ) reportedly took a jab Thursday night at rival Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) eligibility to run for President, even though he wasn’t present at Fox Business Network’s Republican presidential debate.
GO How Could This Be?.
GO So it turns out that there may be a real argument that Ted Cruz isn’t ’natural born’ and can’t be president.
GO Bundy Bodyguard ’Fluffy Unicorn’ Arrested in Arizona.
GO Ammon Bundy’s bodyguard from the early days of the Malheur Wildlife Refuge standoff has been arrested for an outstanding warrant in Maricopa County, Arizona, according to a report from E and E Publishing.
GO Yep, That’s Ted.
GO Fascinating new story about how Ted Cruz ended up not working in the Bush White House after working on the 2000 campaign.
GO No, Ted, You’re Wrong About Your Eligibility.
GO Last night I noted that Ted Cruz’s blanket claim that there’s zero chance that his presidential eligibility is in question is simply false.
GO Yes, It’s Complicated.
GO Here’s another piece of the puzzle on Ted Cruz’s eligibility.
GO Live Chat with Mark Fenster: author, professor and researcher of conspiracy theories.
GO Mark Fenster, a University of Florida law professor and expert on conspiracy theories, will visit the Hive for a chat with Prime members today at 2PM Eastern.
GO Washington Post’s Jason Rezaian, Three Others To Be Freed in Prisoner Swap.
GO Update: Jan. 16, 2016 12:10 p. m. Iran will release Jason Rezaian, the Washington Post reporter who has been held in an Iranian jail since 2014, in a prisoner swap along with three others, who also hold Iranian and American citizenships, according to multiple outlets on Saturday.
GO Scholastic Pulls Children’s Book For The Way It Depicts Happy Slaves.
GO Scholastic announced Sunday it was pulling ”A Birthday Cake for George Washington” from shelves after it received criticism for the way it depicted happy slaves.
GO WATCH: Rand Paul Attacks Ted Cruz’s Wall Street Ties In Bizarre New Web Ad.
GO Sen. Rand Paul ( ) accused Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) of funding his presidential campaign with Wall Street money in a strange new animated web ad released Monday.
GO Militiaman Launches Campaign Encouraging More Ranchers To Stop Paying Grazing Fees.
GO LaVoy Finicum, an Arizona rancher and key figure in the standoff in Oregon, has a new campaign to encourage ranchers to stop paying grazing fees to the federal government.
GO Sarah Palin’s Son Track Charged With Domestic Violence Monday Night.
GO Track Palin, Sarah Palin’s son, was arrested and charged Monday with domestic violence among other counts, CBS reported.
GO Carson Campaign Volunteer Killed, 3 Other Staffers Injured In Car Crash.
GO UPDATE: Jan. 19, 2016, 8:25 PM ET, A    volunteer for Ben Carson’s presidential campaign died Tuesday evening after a car crash in Iowa that injured three other workers for the campaign.
GO Poll: Nearly 10 Percent Of College Grads Think Judge Judy Is On SCOTUS.
GO Nearly 10 percent of college graduates surveyed in a poll released this month believed that Judith Sheindlin, known on TV as Judge Judy, serves on the U. S. Supreme Court, reported CNN.
GO None Of Iranians Freed In Prisoner Swap Choose To Return To Iran.
GO Not one of the seven Iranians freed from U. S. custody in a prisoner swap over the weekend has chosen to return to Iran, ABC News reported Tuesday.
GO Bob Dole: Ted Cruz Is An ’Extremist’ Who Nobody Likes.
GO Bob Dole, the former congressman, senator, and Republican vice presidential and presidential nominee, called Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) an ”extremist” who nobody likes in a Wednesday interview with The New York Times.
GO Live Chat on Religion & Public Policy, 3PM EST.
GO The CEO of the Public Religion Research Institute, Dr. Robert Jones, will be stopping by the Hive for a live chat on the intersection of religion and public policy in America.
GO Obama On Flint: ’I’d Be Beside Myself That My Kids’ Health Could Be At Risk’.
GO President Barack Obama on Wednesday reacted to the water crisis in Flint, Michigan by saying that if he were a local parent, he’d be ”beside myself that my kids’ health could be at risk.” ”You know, I am very proud of what I’ve done as president, but the only job that’s more important to me is the job of father,” Obama told a crowd at the United Auto Worker’s General Motors training center in Detroit.
GO Nugent Calls For Obama, Clinton To Be ’Hung’ Over Benghazi ’Treason’.
GO Conservative rocker Ted Nugent posted on his Facebook Wednesday that he thought Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama should be ”hung” over the Benghazi attacks.
GO Ted Cruz Says He’s No Longer Covered By Health Insurance.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on Thursday told an audience at a campaign stop in Manchester, New Hampshire that he no longer is covered by health insurance, Politico reported.
GO GOP Senator Denies Saying That He’d Vote For Sanders Over Cruz.
GO Sen. Richard Burr ( ) vehemently denied Thursday saying he would vote for Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) over Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz, reported The Charlotte Observer.
GO ’Nightly Show’ Asks If Sarah Palin Was Drunk During Trump Endorsement (VIDEO).
GO Host Larry Wilmore asked on Wednesday night’s episode of ”The Nightly Show” if former Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin was drunk during her endorsement of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump for 2016.
GO WATCH: Sarah Palin’s Trump Endorsement Gets Mocked On ’SNL’.
GO Comedian Tina Fey returned to ”Saturday Night Live” this weekend to mock former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin’s endorsement of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
GO Trump: Black People Will Like Me More Than They Like Obama.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump argued in an interview aired Sunday that black people would like him more than they like President Obama.
GO Trump: Ted Cruz Should Settle His Birth ’Problem’ Or Get Out Of The Race.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump took his criticisms of rival Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) birthplace a step further on Monday, tweeting that the   candidate should ”settle his problem” or get out of the race for the presidency.
GO Obama Subtly Puts His Thumb On The Scale For Hillary Clinton.
GO During a lengthy interview with Politico published on Monday, President Obama subtly went to bat for Hillary Clinton, noting that the former secretary of state is ”idealistic and progressive” and has ”more experience than any   president” who has ever run for president.
GO Mizzou Prof Who Blocked Journalist From Protest Charged With Assault.
GO A University of Missouri professor was charged with assault Monday for her confrontational actions against a student journalist covering the flagship university’s November protests, The St. Louis   reported.
GO Poll: Trump Is 19 Points Ahead In New Hampshire.
GO Former   host Donald Trump continues to enjoy a substantial lead in the New Hampshire Republican primary race, according to a Boston   Pierce University poll released Monday.
GO Ammon Bundy Asks Remaining Militiamen In Oregon To Go Home.
GO UPDATE: 7:20 p. m. Ammon Bundy, one of the Oregon standoff leaders arrested Tuesday night, asked for the remaining   militiamen to stand down and return home in a statement read by his attorney.
GO Report: Robert "LaVoy" Finicum Killed.
GO We’ve had unconfirmed reports for the last couple hours that the militants killed during tonight’s arrest and exchange of gunfire was Robert ”LaVoy” Finicum.
GO Breaking In Oregon Standoff.
GO Reports coming in of arrests and shots fired in connection with the standoff at the Malheur Wildlife Refuge in Oregon.
GO How Strong Is the Case?.
GO Tierney Sneed gives us the   on the case against those   activists who had the tables turned on them and now face multiple indictments.
GO Rep. Darrell Issa: FBI Director ’Would Like To Indict’ Clinton.
GO Former House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa ( ) told the Washington Examiner on Thursday the head of the FBI ”would like to indict” former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her longtime aide, Huma Abedin.
GO Rick Hasen will be chatting with Prime members today at noon.
GO Professor Richard L. Hasen will stop by The Hive to chat with Prime members, Today at noon EST.
GO It Just Might Be Working.
GO It’s a pretty safe bet that by seizing the opportunity to decapitate the leadership of the Oregon occupiers, federal authorities were hoping the remainder of the ragtag outfit would just shrivel and go away.
GO Saudi Prince Photoshopped With Megyn Kelly Burns Trump: I Bailed You Out!.
GO The Saudi Prince who was photoshopped in an image with Megyn Kelly dissed Donald Trump for retweeting the picture.
GO South Carolina Bill Would Create Registry For Police To Track Refugees.
GO A South Carolina Senate committee on Wednesday passed a bill that would set up a registry of every refugee in the state and allow police to track them, as well as ban the state from spending money to resettle refugees unless the legislature approves the funding.
GO Police: At Least 1 Dead In Shooting, Stabbing At Denver Coliseum.
GO UPDATED: Jan. 30, 2016, 4:42 PM ET, Police are responding Saturday to reports of a shooting and at least one stabbing that broke out at a motorcycle show at the Denver Coliseum.
GO CBS Host To Trump: Do You Think Your Twitter Wars Are Presidential?.
GO CBS News host John Dickerson asked Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in an interview aired Sunday if he thought his Twitter wars were presidential.
GO Trump: ’I Didn’t Go Wild’ For Refusing To Attend The Fox Debate.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump insisted in an interview aired Sunday that he ”didn’t go wild” for refusing to attend Fox News’ Republican debate last week.
GO Trump: Ted Cruz Is A ’Total Liar’ For Saying I Support Obamacare.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said in an interview aired Sunday that rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) was a ”total liar” for saying he supported universal health care, similar to the Affordable Care Act, dubbed ”Obamacare.” ”Look, Ted Cruz is a total liar,” Trump said on ABC’s ”This Week.
GO Trump: Joe Arpaio’s Endorsement Means I’m ’Toughest On The Border’.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said in an interview aired Sunday that his endorsement from Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio means he’s the ”toughest on the border.” Arpaio and Trump participated in the birther movement during President Obama’s campaign for the White House, pushing for the candidate to release his birth certificate.
GO A Confused Trump Pulled Out Money During Communion In Iowa Church.
GO Donald Trump was a little confused by communion while attending services at a church in Council Bluffs, Iowa, on Sunday.
GO And We’re Off.
GO We are, of course, in the hints and allegations, wisps of nonsense phase of the evening.
GO Ted Cruz Upsets Trump In Iowa Caucus.
GO Ted Cruz, the   Texas senator who has made his   Senate tenure the centerpiece of his   campaign, has won the Iowa caucuses and taken Donald Trump down in a major way.
GO Supreme Court: Texas OK to reject Confederate flag plate.
GO Washington (CNN) The Supreme Court ruled Thursday that Texas is allowed to reject a license plate design that featured a Confederate battle flag.
GO Capitol Hill abuzz after 15,000 honey bees swarm.
GO Washington (CNN) In an unusual sight on Capitol Hill Friday afternoon, beekeepers were called in to capture and remove about 15, 000 honey bees that had swarmed around the main Senate entrance of the U. S. Capitol Building, frightening onlookers before landing in a tree.
GO This question stumps Republican 2016ers.
GO Greenville, South Carolina (CNN) It’s a simple question, but one that stops Republican presidential hopefuls in their tracks: Who do you think is the greatest president alive today?
GO Obama on gun control: ’We need a change in attitude’.
GO San Francisco (CNN) Making his second call in as many days for tighter gun control laws, President Barack Obama on Friday told a crowd of mayors it was again time for a national conversation on the scourge of mass shootings in America.
GO James Holmes trial: tears, then prosecution rests.
GO Centennial, Colorado (CNN) The capital murder trial of James Holmes reached a turning point when the prosecution rested its case this week, calling as its last witness a victim who survived the movie theater massacre but lost her pregnancy and her small daughter.
GO In Charleston’s wake, Clinton speaks forcefully on guns, race.
GO San Francisco (CNN) The United States’ struggle with race is not over, Hillary Clinton said Saturday in an emotional speech that called for more candor on racial issues and   gun control laws in the wake of the deadly Charleston, South Carolina church shooting that left nine dead earlier this week.
GO Kennedy, Thomas disagree on solitary confinement.
GO Washington (CNN) Tensions concerning prison conditions flared up at the Supreme Court on Thursday, as Justice Anthony Kennedy chose to stray from the merits of a case at hand to question the use of the solitary confinement in prisons.
GO James Horner killed in plane crash.
GO Los Angeles (CNN) Academy   composer James Horner, known for his impressive body of work spanning multiple movie genres, died Monday after the small plane he was piloting crashed in central California, his agency said Tuesday.
GO Quoted: Taylor Swift.
GO Taylor Swift is often quotable, willing to be honest about herself in posts and interviews.
GO After son’s death, Biden not ruling out 2016 bid.
GO Washington (CNN) As Vice President Joe Biden slowly returns to official duties in Washington following his son’s death, a decision on mounting a third presidential bid looms in the    future.
GO New York prison escapee Richard Matt killed.
GO Malone, New York (CNN) Richard Matt, one of two escaped murderers from an upstate New York   prison, was shot and killed by officers involved in a massive   manhunt, Gov.
GO Is Alzheimer’s disease preventable?.
GO Atlanta (CNN) There is no test doctors can use to conclusively determine whether someone will get Alzheimer’s disease.
GO Before Arnold Schwarzenegger was the ’Terminator’.
GO Before he was the ”Terminator” or the 38th governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger was an obsessive teen bodybuilder from Austria who saw pumping iron as a ticket to fame and fortune.
GO Look at me! 27 selfies of the week.
GO Take a look at 27 selfies of the week from June 17 through June 23.
GO David Sweat shot, captured alive after New York manhunt.
GO Malone, New York (CNN) After a massive,     manhunt for David Sweat, the escaped murderer is back where he started    in custody.
GO Tunisia hotel attack: 38 killed, tourists flee.
GO Sousse, Tunisia (CNN) Tourists fled a Tunisian seaside resort on Saturday, a day after an attack killed at least 38 people and wounded at least 39 others.
GO Jeb Bush touts record on guns.
GO Henderson, Nevada (CNN) Jeb Bush on Saturday said he doubted gun control measures supported by President Barack Obama would have prevented recent tragedies, including the church massacre in South Carolina.
GO Manhunt for escaped New York prisoners.
GO See photos from the manhunt for two convicted murderers who broke out of the Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora, New York.
GO Look at me! 27 selfies of the week.
GO Take a look at 27 selfies of the week from June 23 through June 30.
GO Trump’s immigration comments hurting GOP, Romney says.
GO Wolfeboro, New Hampshire (CNN) Mitt Romney said Saturday that Donald Trump’s comments on Mexico and undocumented immigrants have hurt the Republican Party, making the 2012 presidential nominee the latest Republican to slam the billionaire over his controversial remarks.
GO Poll: Majority sees Confederate flag as Southern pride.
GO Washington (CNN) American public opinion on the Confederate flag remains about where it was 15 years ago, with most describing the flag as a symbol of Southern pride more than one of racism, according to a new   poll.
GO Look at me! 25 selfies of the week.
GO Take a look at 25 selfies of the week from July 1 through July 7.
GO 10 greatest designs from Pininfarina, the studio that shaped Ferrari.
GO Italian studio Pininfarina designed the twentieth century’s greatest Ferraris and through their work with the Prancing Horse    plus the likes of Fiat, Lancia, and Alfa Romeo    helped define the emotive Italian style of the   sportscar.
GO Major teachers union endorses Hillary Clinton.
GO Manchester, New Hampshire (CNN) Hillary Clinton scored a major union endorsement on Saturday when the American Federation of Teachers announced its support for the Democratic frontrunner.
GO Hillary Clinton’s Email Was Probably Hacked, Experts Say - The New York Times.
GO When the F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, said on Tuesday that his investigators had no “direct evidence” that Hillary Clinton’s email account had been “successfully hacked,” both private experts and federal investigators immediately understood his meaning: It very likely had been breached, but the intruders were far too skilled to leave evidence of their work.
GO Roger Ailes, Arguing Gretchen Carlson Breached Contract, Presses for Arbitration - The New York Times.
GO Lawyers for the Fox News chairman Roger Ailes filed a motion on Friday arguing that the sexual harassment lawsuit filed against him by a former anchor, Gretchen Carlson, should be moved from a New Jersey Superior Court into federal court and submitted for arbitration.
GO Rudolph Giuliani Lashes Out at Black Lives Matter - The New York Times.
GO Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, lashed out against the Black Lives Matter movement on Sunday, accusing it of ignoring    crime, inspiring violence against the police and promoting racism.
GO James Stavridis, Retired Admiral, Is Being Vetted as Hillary Clinton’s Running Mate - The New York Times.
GO Hillary Clinton’s campaign is vetting James G. Stavridis, a retired   Navy admiral who served as the 16th supreme allied commander at NATO, as a possible running mate, according to a person with knowledge of the vetting process.
GO Twist in Zika Outbreak: New York Case Shows Women Can Spread It to Men - The New York Times.
GO The first case of    sexual transmission of the Zika virus has been documented in New York City, raising the prospect that the disease could spread more widely beyond the countries where it is already endemic and largely transmitted by mosquitoes.
GO Jon Stewart Returns on ‘The Late Show With Stephen Colbert’ - The New York Times.
GO In his first live “Late Show” broadcast since the start of the Republican National Convention, Stephen Colbert promised the return of an old friend from his   days, but instead, viewers got to see two familiar faces: first, Jon Stewart, the longtime host of “The Daily Show,” and then “Stephen Colbert,” the unctuous conservative commentator that Mr. Colbert portrayed for nearly a decade on his Comedy Central program, “The Colbert Report.
GO Jaap van Zweden: Before You See Him, Listen - The New York Times.
GO When Jaap van Zweden was announced in January as the next music director of the New York Philharmonic, I was at sea.
GO Hedge Fund Calls New York Times Article a ‘Distortion’ - The New York Times.
GO Bridgewater Associates, the world’s largest hedge fund, released a statement on Thursday taking issue with what it called “significant mischaracterizations” and a “distortion” of some of its business practices and culture that were described in an article in The New York Times.
GO What to Cook This Week - The New York Times.
GO Sam Sifton emails readers of Cooking five days a week to talk about food and suggest recipes.
GO Susan Collins of Maine Says She Will Not Vote for Donald Trump - The New York Times.
GO Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, announced Monday that she would not vote for Donald J. Trump in the presidential election, dealing another blow to Mr. Trump as he tries to unite his party and win more support from women.
GO Conviction Against Brendan Dassey of ‘Making a Murderer’ Is Overturned - The New York Times.
GO A federal judge on Friday overturned the murder and sexual assault convictions of Brendan Dassey, one of the defendants whose case was the subject of the wildly popular Netflix documentary series, “Making a Murderer.
GO Imam and His Assistant Killed in a Shooting Near a Mosque in Queens - The New York Times.
GO A gunman shot and killed an imam and his assistant on the street near their mosque in a   corner of Queens on Saturday afternoon, the police said.
GO Interior Minister: Germans Should Prepare Themselves for Terror Attacks.
GO Germany’s Interior Minister has told Germans to expect more Islamic terror attacks in the country, after a    unaccompanied Afghan migrant injured 18 people.
GO Pat Caddell: Bill Clinton ‘Being Discounted’ Like ’the Crazy Uncle in the Attic’ Over Obamacare Comments - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday, pollster and political analyst Pat Caddell told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow that Bill Clinton’s recent comments calling Obamacare a “crazy system” were “devastating” but are already “being discounted” as if the former president were “the King Lear   …     or the crazy uncle up in his attic.
GO Watch Live: Trump in Manheim, PA - Breitbart.
GO Saturday, GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump will hold a rally in Manheim, PA at Spooky Nook Sports at 7:00 p. m. ET.
GO Rosario Dawson Accuses Dolores Huerta of ’Distorting Facts’ About Bernie Sanders - Breitbart.
GO Actress Rosario Dawson blasted Dolores Huerta in an open letter regarding the Latino activist’s criticism of Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders.
GO IOC to Probe Egyptian Judoka’s Refusal to Shake Israeli’s Hand.
GO (AP) A spokesman for the International Olympic Committee said that the IOC would look into the refusal by Egyptian judoka Islam El Shehaby to shake the hand of his victorious Israeli opponent Or Sasson after their first round match in the men’s   competition at the Rio Games on Friday.
GO ’Free Milo’ Chalking Spotted At Twitter’s Corporate Headquarters In San Francisco - Breitbart.
GO A chalk slogan bearing the words “Free Milo” was spotted outside Twitter’s corporate headquarters in San Francisco last night, the latest addition to a collection of chalkings spotted around the world calling for Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos to be unbanned on Twitter.
GO Emergency! Hillary Clinton Sends Obama to Save Michigan - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama is making a last minute stop to Michigan to whip up support for Hillary Clinton in order to save the state from supporting Donald Trump.
GO Mitt Romney Tried (and Failed) to Recruit John Kasich for Independent Run - Breitbart.
GO Former failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney tried to get failed Republican presidential nominee John Kasich to mount a   run against presumptive nominee Donald Trump.
GO Pope Francis: ‘Persecution Is the Christian’s Daily Bread’.
GO From the earliest centuries to our own time, martyrdom is always present in the Christian Church, Pope Francis said Tuesday, in recalling the scores of Pakistani Christians slaughtered in the Easter Day massacre just two weeks ago and the many who suffer for religious liberty under unjust laws.
GO Boycott of Target and Kellogg’s Deters Corporate Bullying, Says American Family Association - Breitbart.
GO Many corporate executives are now ducking   advocacy because they’ve seen how Target Corp. ’s   push sparked a painful customer boycott, says Ed Vitagliano, executive vice president of the American Family Association.
GO Steve Kerr Wants Gun Control Father Killed by Islamists.
GO During a Friday interview on the TK Show podcast, Golden State Warriors head coach Steve Kerr cited the fact that his father was killed by Islamists in Lebanon as motivation for calling for more gun control on   Americans.
GO Exclusive: Automotive Blogger Attacked By Tesla Over Investigation Has ’More to Come’ - Breitbart.
GO The popular automotive blogger attacked by Tesla for his investigative report on a Tesla suspension safety issue tells Breitbart News that there is more to the story that he hasn’t published yet.
GO Cotton: Kerry Sounds More Interested In Being Iran’s Lawyer Than In Rights of Americans - Breitbart.
GO Senator Tom Cotton ( ) stated Secretary of State John Kerry “sounds to me like he’s more interested in being the lawyer for the government of Iran” than he is for standing up for the rights of Americans, such as those who have claims against Iran on Monday’s “Situation Room” on CNN.
GO Clinton Camp: ‘Very Frightening’ Trump Encouraging Russia to Influence Outcome of the Election - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” while commenting on Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump joking that Russia should hack his rival Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s emails, Clinton’s campaign manager Robby Mook said he found it “very frightening” that Trump was encouraging foreign powers to try to “influence the outcome of the election.
GO MoveOn.Org-Backed Protest Movement: Breitbart Readers ‘Are With Us’ - Breitbart.
GO A coalition of   groups plotting a mass civil disobedience movement to begin next month believes Breitbart News readers may be interested in joining their revolution.
GO Obama Admin Moves to Add Women, Blacks to $5 and $10 Bills.
GO Now that Secretary of the Treasury Jacob Lew has confirmed his agency’s decision to replace President Andrew Jackson with black Republican Harriet Tubman on the front of the $20 bill, the Obama administration is looking to place more leaders of the women’s suffrage movement onto the back of the $10 bill and plans to add black civil rights leaders onto the back of the $5 bill.
GO Ed Martin: Eagle Forum Office Spray-Painted with ’Slurs’ and ’Nasty Stuff from the Left’ After Phyllis Schlafly’s Death.
GO On Wednesday’s edition of Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM, Ed Martin, the president of the Eagle Forum, revealed that his organization’s offices were vandalized on the day after founder Phyllis Schlafly’s death.
GO Slain Muslim Soldier’s Father: The World Is Seeing the ’Blackness’ of Trump’s Soul - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” the father of a fallen Muslim soldier who spoke at the Democratic National convention and accused Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of sacrificing nothing for his country, Khizr Khan said, “The world is”They have seen the blackness of his character, of his soul.
GO Carly Fiorina: 9th Circuit Decision Makes Defeating Hillary Clinton Imperative.
GO Carly Fiorina released a statement via email in which she said the Ninth Circuit decision is a clear demonstration of the importance of defeating Hillary Clinton.
GO If Georgetown Conservatives Are ’Traumatized’ by Criticism of Scalia, They Should Grow Up - Breitbart.
GO Two conservative law professors at Georgetown have adopted the rhetoric of the regressive left in their objection to   critiques of the late Justice Antonin Scalia from liberal colleagues, claiming conservative law students are “traumatized” by such critiques.
GO Bill Clinton on Chelsea Staying at Fdn Creating ’Conduit’ To Wife’s Administration: ’Well, We All Know People’ - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNBC’s “Fast Money Halftime Report,” former President Bill Clinton responded to a question on whether his daughter Chelsea would be a “conduit” to his wife by remaining at the Clinton Foundation even if Hillary Clinton is elected president by stating, “Well, we all know people, but you know they made that conduit argument, the State Department said that there there was nothing to it, the career people at the State Department.
GO University of Florida to Offer Counseling for Students Offended by Halloween Costumes - Breitbart.
GO According to a blog post from administrators at the University of Florida, students offended by insensitive Halloween costumes are being provided with    counseling services.
GO Chronicle: Donald Trump Is Changing Politics in Silicon Valley.
GO Disdain and outright fear of a Donald J. Trump presidency has changed Silicon Valley politics and, by some accounts, is pushing more donations towards the Hillary Clinton camp, the San Francisco Chronicle reports.
GO Anti-Trump Mavericks Owner Mark Cuban Spotted Meeting with Steve Bannon - Breitbart.
GO After spending months attacking   Donald Trump at every opportunity, Dallas Maverick’s owner and billionaire businessman Mark Cuban was spotted meeting with White House strategist Stephen Bannon on Tuesday.
GO New Blacklist: Bucknell Class President Removed After Bringing Conservative Speakers to Campus, Taking Job at Breitbart - Breitbart.
GO Tom Ciccotta, a student at Bucknell University, has been removed from his position as Junior Class President after taking up a   job at Breitbart Tech and inviting conservative speakers to campus.
GO Trump: Hillary and Obama Should Apologize for ObamaCare - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday in Henderson, NV at a campaign rally while discussing former President Bill Clinton criticizing ObamaCare while campaigning for his wife Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said both Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama should apologize for passing and promoting the Affordable Care Act, also known as ObamaCare.
GO Steinem: Younger Women Are Supporting Sanders Because They Want To Find Boys, and ’Boys Are With Bernie’ - Breitbart.
GO Author and activist Gloria Steinem argued that younger women are supporting Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) over fellow candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton because they’re going where the boys are and “The boys are with Bernie” on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time.
GO Watch: Bill Clinton Claims Hillary Has the Flu - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday in Las Vegas, NV, while campaigning for his wife, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, former president Bill Clinton mistakenly said his wife has the flu while referring to her recent pneumonia diagnosis.
GO New Jersey Town Offers Tips to Illegal Immigrants on How to Skirt ICE Raids - Breitbart.
GO A town in New Jersey has taken it upon itself to reach out to local illegal immigrants to instruct them on how to avoid being detained by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials with a new pamphlet containing tips on how to skirt deportation.
GO Kasich: I Want My Judges To Have ’Conservative Values,’ Don’t Think Citizens United Is Good For the Country - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Ohio Governor John Kasich stated that he wants his judicial nominees to be someone “who’s fundamentally conservative, high ethics, good character, and a decent record” and that he doesn’t think the Citizens United decision is good for the country in an interview broadcast on Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball.
GO More Than Half a Million Migrants Have Entered Europe This Year.
GO A new report from the European Union has revealed that over half a million migrants have entered Europe in 2016, 226, 000 of them are in Germany.
GO Politico: Virtually Impossible for FBI to Detect Radicalization Like Omar Mateen’s - Breitbart.
GO Politico national editor Michael Hirsh, in the middle of a hot take on whether Pulse nightclub killer Omar Mateen was a true Scotsman Islamic jihadist, explores how the FBI is adapting to a new wave of Islamic State warriors who don’t give the telltale signs of radicalization before they strike.
GO The View: We Need Background Checks, Waiting Periods for Gun Sales.
GO During the June 20 airing of ABC’s The View, Whoopi Goldberg, Joy Behar, and others discussed gun control in the   world, ultimately lamenting an absence of background checks and waiting periods.
GO Rasmussen: Half of Democrats Think Bernie Sanders Should Replace Hillary Clinton If Her Health Fails - Breitbart.
GO Nearly half of likely Democratic voters would like to see Vermont socialist Bernie Sanders replace Hillary Clinton on the Democratic ticket should her poor health force her out of the race, Rasmussen Reports finds.
GO State Dep’t Won’t Say if Iran Violated Geneva Convention.
GO The U. S. State Department declined to say Wednesday whether Iran violated the Geneva Convention by putting captured U. S. Navy sailors on television Tuesday after their two boats were seized in what Iran claims was its territorial waters.
GO Hundreds of Trump Fans Boo, Walk Out On Amy Schumer - Breitbart.
GO Hundreds of disgruntled fans walked out of Amy Schumer’s standup show in Tampa, Florida after the comedy star ripped Donald Trump, calling him an “orange,      monster.
GO Rep. Tim Huelskamp: Talking with Trump Transition Team About Agriculture Secretary - Breitbart.
GO Departing Rep. Tim Huelskamp of Kansas tells reporters he is talking to   Donald Trump’s transition team about joining the new administration, possibly as secretary of Agriculture.
GO Video: 1,400 American Workers Outraged as Company Informs Them It’s Sending Their Jobs to Mexico - Breitbart.
GO Video footage has emerged documenting the outrage and desperation of 1, 400 American workers as they are informed that their company will be sending their jobs to Mexico.
GO The Advocate: Peter Thiel Can’t Be Gay Because He’s a Conservative - Breitbart.
GO Jim Downs, a writer for the popular LGBT magazine The Advocate, has declared that homosexual billionaire Peter Thiel can’t be gay because he’s a conservative he just has gay sex.
GO Dianne Feinstein to Obama: Turn on the Taps! - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) penned an open letter to President Obama on Thursday urging an increase in water pumping from the   Joaquin River Delta to thirsty farms and communities in Southern California.
GO Trump ’Calm, Focused, Determined’ as Protesters Try to Disrupt Texas Rally.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump stayed “calm, focused, and determined” as protesters repeatedly tried to disrupt a rally held in Austin, Texas, Tuesday night, one state official said.
GO Imam and Friend Shot, Killed in Queens in Broad Daylight.
GO On Saturday afternoon an Imam and his friend were shot and killed in Queens as they were walking home from their mosque.
GO Poll: Donald Trump, Aided by Hillary Clinton, Halves Her Early August Lead - Breitbart.
GO A new Pew poll adds evidence that Donald Trump has halved the roughly   gap that Hillary Clinton’s experienced and disciplined campaign created in early August.
GO Sanders: ’Real Unemployment Is Close to 10%’ - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders argued that “real unemployment is close to 10%” during Thursday’s “PBS NewsHour” Democratic presidential debate.
GO Krauthammer: I Underestimated Trump Because His Appeal Seems ’Unfathomable’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on Fox News Channel’s “MediaBuzz,”conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer said he underestimated the appeal of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump because he found his success, “unfathomable.
GO Report: DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman-Schultz To Resign After Convention - Breitbart.
GO DNC Chair Debbie   issued a statement Sunday saying she plans to resign after the Democratic National Convention concludes, according to reports.
GO Fox News Poll Shows Statistical Tie Between Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump gained one point on Hillary Clinton in the latest Fox News poll, leaving him just two points behind the Democratic candidate and well within the poll’s margin of error.
GO RNC Chair: Trump Has Brought in Millions of New Voters to Our Party - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus said Republican presidential   Donald Trump has “brought in millions of new voters to our party.
GO Nineteen Refugees Diagnosed With Active Tuberculosis in Michigan - Breitbart.
GO Nineteen refugees were diagnosed with active tuberculosis (TB) in Michigan between 2011 and 2016, according to data provided to Breitbart News by the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services and county government officials in Oakland County, Michigan.
GO Ryan: Trump’s Riot Remarks Are ’Unacceptable’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday at his weekly briefing, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) said Republican presidential   Donald Trump suggesting there could be riots if he doesn’t win the nomination this summer at the GOP convention in Cleveland was “unacceptable.
GO Steve King defends ’somebody else’s babies’ remark despite backlash.
GO The conservative congressman Steve King drew bipartisan condemnation for saying “our civilization” couldn’t be restored “with somebody else’s babies” while the Iowa representative defended his comments and said they were “not about race”.
GO White House confirms ’dramatic’ cuts proposed to US foreign aid budget.
GO The White House budget director confirmed on Saturday that the Trump administration will propose “fairly dramatic reductions” in the US foreign aid budget later this month.
GO Listen with your eyes: one in five of us may ’hear’ flashes of light.
GO One in five people is affected by a   phenomenon in which visual movements or flashes of light are “heard” as faint sounds, according to scientists.
GO Three Mile Island faces shutdown without financial rescue from Pennsylvania.
GO The owner of Three Mile Island, site of the worst commercial nuclear power accident in US history, will shut down the plant in 2019 unless it receives a financial rescue from the Pennsylvania state government.
GO Spanish matador dies after being gored during bullfight.
GO A Spanish bullfighter died after he tripped in the ring and was gored by the bull in   France, according to media reports.
GO The Guardian view on Theresa May’s plans on terror: they are wrong.
GO Theresa May’s “enough is enough” speech is an attempt to reshape dramatically Britain’s policy to thwart terror after murderous attacks.
GO California lawmakers propose bills to teach students to identify ’fake news’.
GO Two California lawmakers have proposed bills to fight “fake news” by teaching high school students how to detect misleading, fabricated or inaccurate reports in the waves of information flooding into their daily lives.
GO LA police make arrests over 1993 apartment building fire that killed 10.
GO Police have arrested several people over an apartment building fire that killed 10, including seven children, in 1993.
GO John Brooks becomes priciest US footballer with €20m Wolfsburg move.
GO John Brooks has become the most expensive US footballer in history after making the move from Hertha Berlin to Wolfsburg for a reported €20m ($22.
GO One in 10 firms bidding for Trump’s Mexico wall project are Hispanic-owned.
GO Ten percent of the companies interested in bidding for the first stage of the construction of Donald Trump’s border wall with Mexico are   businesses, as construction firms wrestle with the morality of profiting from the controversial infrastructure project.
GO Donald Trump reportedly urged Comey to drop Michael Flynn investigation.
GO Donald Trump directly asked the former FBI director, James Comey, to drop an investigation into his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, according to notes kept at the time by Comey and first reported on Tuesday by the New York Times.
GO Nevada senator becomes fifth Republican to oppose healthcare bill.
GO Nevada senator Dean Heller has become the fifth Republican to come out in opposition to the current draft version of the Senate healthcare bill.
GO Two-thirds of Americans support gun limits in public places – study.
GO   of Americans believe that guns should be restricted in many public places, according to a study published on Thursday.
GO Republican elders call for new national carbon tax to replace federal regulations.
GO A group of senior Republicans will meet with White House officials on Wednesday to call for a new national carbon tax to replace federal regulations as a way to combat climate change.
GO Saudi security foils terror plot targeting Mecca Grand Mosque and pilgrims.
GO Saudi Arabian security forces have foiled a terror plot targeting the Grand Mosque in the Muslim holy city of Mecca, exchanging gunfire with one of the suspects who blew himself up inside a home on Friday, the interior ministry said.
GO Macron hackers linked to Russian-affiliated group behind US attack.
GO The hackers behind a “massive and coordinated” attack on the campaign of France’s   Emmanuel Macron, have been linked by a number of cybersecurity research firms to the   group blamed for attacking the Democratic party shortly before the US election.
GO Disney, the Gap and Pepsi urged to quit US Chamber of Commerce.
GO Disney, the Gap and Pepsi are being pressured to quit the US Chamber of Commerce, America’s largest lobby group, amid criticism of its   efforts to fight climate change legislation and promote tobacco products.
GO Jon Jones to meet Daniel Cormier for title in comeback fight at UFC 214.
GO Jon Jones will fight Daniel Cormier for the UFC light heavyweight title in the disgraced fighter’s first bout after serving a   ban for a positive drug test.
GO Dennis Quaid calls controversial A Dog’s Purpose video ’a scam’.
GO Dennis Quaid has spoken about the controversial leaked video from the set of his new film A Dog’s Purpose, calling it “a scam”.
GO Netflix: is it every student’s worst addiction?.
GO In the silent hours of a cold winter evening, I’m one of thousands of students around the country struggling with the same internal question: should I watch another episode?
GO Marine Le Pen stripped of immunity by MEPs over Isis tweets.
GO MEPs have removed Marine Le Pen’s parliamentary immunity, allowing French prosecutors to take legal action against the   leader for tweeting gruesome images of killings by Islamic State militants.
GO Boris Johnson asks G7 to consider fresh sanctions against Russia and Syria.
GO Vladimir Putin is “toxifying the image of Russia” by backing Bashar   and the G7 must consider fresh sanctions against Russia and Syria in response to last week’s chemical attack on civilians, Boris Johnson has said.
GO Yevgeny Yevtushenko, Russian poet who memorialised Babi Yar, dies aged 84.
GO The acclaimed Russian poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko, whose work focused on war atrocities and denounced antisemitism and tyrannical dictators, has died.
GO Pope Francis: married men could be ordained to ease priest shortages.
GO Pope Francis has said the Catholic church may consider ordaining married men who could potentially then work in remote areas faced with a shortage of priests.
GO Donald Trump suggests he may drop Russia sanctions if Moscow ’is helpful’.
GO Donald Trump has suggested he might drop sanctions against Russia and that the communist party rulers in Beijing needed to show good faith on currency and trade practices before he committed to a “One China” policy on Taiwan.
GO Donald Trump makes last-ditch pitch to Republicans to back healthcare bill.
GO Donald Trump made a closing pitch to restive Republicans wary of their party’s proposed healthcare overhaul as conservatives steel for a showdown one day before a planned vote on the bill.
GO Passenger jet hits utility truck at Los Angeles airport, injuring eight.
GO Eight people were injured Saturday after an Aeromexico flight clipped an airport utility truck, flipping it over, shortly after landing at Los Angeles international airport, authorities said.
GO Ivanka Trump’s family leave plan is a fig leaf for her father’s worst policies.
GO Ivanka’s paid family leave program in Trump’s 2018 budget is the perfect metaphor for her role in the administration: it serves as a fig leaf for his most oppressive policies.
GO US heroin use has increased almost fivefold in a decade, study shows.
GO Heroin use among American adults has increased almost fivefold in the last decade, according to a study based on a survey of almost 80, 000 people.
GO Theresa May gets personal in attack on Jeremy Corbyn as election polls narrow.
GO Theresa May set the tone for the final phase of the general election campaign with her strongest personal attack on Jeremy Corbyn on Tuesday, claiming the Labour leader’s performance in the previous night’s live TV debate showed he would be “naked in the negotiating chamber” when Brexit talks start next month.
GO How Adrian Heath hopes to make Minnesota United the Newcastle of MLS.
GO In his first press conference the Minnesota United head coach, Adrian Heath, referred to his team as the “Newcastle of MLS,” as well as expressing his desire to find players who specifically wanted to play for the Loons.
GO Om Puri, celebrated Indian actor, dies at 66.
GO Om Puri, one of India’s most critically acclaimed actors, who starred in films across Hollywood, Bollywood and the UK, has died in Mumbai.
GO Brock Osweiler given starting chance for Texans’ game against Raiders.
GO Brock Osweiler has the chance to make amends for a disappointing regular season after the Texans confirmed he would start at quarterback in Saturday’s playoff game against the Raiders.
GO Anti-Muslim rallies across US denounced by civil rights groups.
GO A wave of   rallies planned for almost 30 cities across the US on Saturday by   activists has drawn sharp criticism from civil rights groups and inspired   nationwide.
GO LeBron may or may not be a better player than Jordan, but he’s a better man.
GO It’s apropos that LeBron James, the greatest basketball player of the 21st century, has made (and will continue to make) the debate about whether he or Michael Jordan is the greatest basketball player ever a valid and relevant one with his most underrated characteristics: his stamina and consistency.
GO Bill O’Reilly goes on vacation for some ’R&R’ amid sexual harassment scandal.
GO Bill O’Reilly is taking a vacation from his Fox News Channel show amid sponsor defections triggered by sexual harassment allegations.
GO Chelsea Manning released from military prison.
GO Chelsea Manning, the army private who released a vast trove of US state secrets and was punished by the US military for months in penal conditions denounced by the UN as torture, has been released from a military prison in Kansas after serving seven years of a   sentence.
GO Donald Trump’s dizzying Time magazine interview was ’Trumpspeak’ on display.
GO Donald Trump’s elastic connection to reality was richly on display in his interview with Time magazine, published on Thursday.
GO Three Michigan State football players charged with sexual assault.
GO Three Michigan State football players have been charged with criminal sexual conduct in connection with an incident that occurred on campus in January.
GO 2016 hottest year ever recorded – and scientists say human activity to blame.
GO 2016 was the hottest year on record, setting a new high for the third year in a row, with scientists firmly putting the blame on human activities that drive climate change.
GO Greek court to decide on fate of eight Turkish soldiers.
GO Greece’s supreme court will decide this week on the fate of eight Turkish military officers who fled their country a day after last year’s attempted coup in a case that has triggered outrage among intellectuals and is viewed as a test for European democratic values.
GO Ultra-rare Jane Austen £5 note found in Christmas card in Scottish Borders.
GO It is the fiver that could earn you tens of thousands of pounds: one of four Jane Austen £5 notes has been found in a Christmas card in the Scottish Borders.
GO David Clarke denies that he plagiarized parts of his master’s thesis.
GO The controversial Milwaukee sheriff David Clarke, who this week said he had been appointed an assistant secretary in the Department of Homeland Security, has denied plagiarising portions of his master’s degree thesis.
GO Dan Aykroyd writes tribute to ’soaring love’ Carrie Fisher.
GO Ghostbusters   Dan Aykroyd has written a tribute to Carrie Fisher, to whom he was briefly engaged in the early 1980s after they appeared together in The Blues Brothers.
GO Wayne Rooney confirms he will stay at Manchester United.
GO Wayne Rooney has ended speculation over his immediate future by confirming he will not be leaving Manchester United, despite admitting he has received offers to depart Old Trafford this month.
GO Talk radio hosts and bloggers may benefit from White House press move.
GO Talk radio hosts and bloggers could be given greater access to official White House press briefings once the Trump administration takes office, under a highly irregular proposal being floated that may also remove briefings from the West Wing.
GO UK’s rarest plants are at risk of extinction, charity warns.
GO Some of the UK’s rarest plants are at risk of extinction unless action is taken to look after the road verges that have become their final refuge, a charity has warned.
GO Gavin Rossdale: ‘If you divorce America’s sweetheart, you’re in trouble’.
GO About an hour into Gavin Rossdale’s new job as a judge on The Voice UK, the ITV producers had a word in his ear.
GO Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie on transgender row: ’I have nothing to apologise for’.
GO Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, the Nigerian novelist and feminist, has condemned a “language orthodoxy” on the political left after she endured a vitriolic backlash over comments about transgender women.
GO Chinese man ’marries’ robot he built himself.
GO A Chinese artificial intelligence engineer has given up on the search for love and “married” a robot he built himself.
GO Unseen footage of the Beatles during filming of Help! emerges after 50 years.
GO Unseen footage of the Beatles larking around as they filmed a movie in the Austrian Alps has emerged after being stored in a garage for more than 50 years.
GO Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt agree to settle divorce in private.
GO Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt have reached an agreement to handle their divorce in a private forum and will work together to reunify their family, the actors announced in a joint statement.
GO Tibetan women’s soccer players denied US visas for Texas tournament.
GO Fifteen players of a Tibetan women’s soccer team have been refused US visas as guests of a Texas tournament, raising questions about what policy Donald Trump will take toward the contested region.
GO How to stop Donald Trump from embracing strongman Rodrigo Duterte.
GO Donald Trump’s invitation for Rodrigo Duterte, president of the Philippines, to visit the US further reveals his tendency to embrace authoritarian strongmen abroad.
GO Theresa May: Turkey must uphold human rights obligations.
GO Theresa May has said Turkey must “uphold its international human rights obligations” after meeting President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Ankara.
GO Usain Bolt speaks of his devastation at friend Germaine Mason’s death.
GO Usain Bolt has revealed how the death of his close friend Germaine Mason, the British high jumper, left him so devastated that he was unable to train for more than two weeks, threatening to derail his farewell season.
GO Prince’s doctor prescribed oxycodone under friend’s name days before death.
GO A doctor who saw Prince in the days before he died had prescribed oxycodone under the name of a friend of the musician to protect the singer’s privacy, according to an affidavit unsealed Monday.
GO British Muslim teacher taken off US-bound flight: I was treated like a criminal.
GO A young British Muslim teacher escorted off a New   flight by US officials in front of the school party he was helping lead has spoken of his concerns that he was targeted simply because of his religion.
GO US government seeks Dumb and Dumber To rights in corruption case.
GO The US justice department is seeking to acquire the rights to films, including the comedy sequel Dumb and Dumber To, as part of an effort to recover $540m in assets it says were stolen from Malaysia’s troubled wealth fund.
GO Mississippi lawmaker calls for lynchings after removal of Confederate symbols.
GO A Republican state lawmaker in Mississippi, the last remaining state in the US to carry the Confederate battle emblem within its official flag, has posted an incendiary threat on social media calling for those removing Confederate monuments from public display to be lynched.
GO Mel B wins restraining order against estranged husband after abuse claims.
GO Mel B has won sole custody of her youngest daughter and a temporary restraining order against her estranged husband Stephen Belafonte, whom she claims subjected her to years of abuse.
GO Theresa May makes ’fair and serious’ offer on EU citizens rights in UK.
GO Theresa May made a “fair and serious offer” to European Union leaders over the contentious issue of the future rights of EU citizens, offering those who arrive lawfully before Brexit the chance to build up the same rights to work, healthcare and benefits as UK citizens.
GO Uber boss Travis Kalanick’s mother dies in boating accident.
GO The mother of Travis Kalanick, CEO of Uber, has died in a boating accident.
GO Backlash after anti-abortion flag raised at Ottawa city hall during March for Life.
GO Canada’s capital city has promised a review of its policies after a decision to raise the flag of an   movement at Ottawa city hall prompted a heated backlash.
GO Veep stars respond to Australian MP who knocked himself out laughing at episode.
GO Writers and stars of Veep have responded incredulously to the news an Australian politician required stitches after knocking himself unconscious while laughing at the new season.
GO Emma Morano, world’s oldest person, dies aged 117.
GO The world’s oldest person, Emma Morano, has died at her home in northern Italy.
GO Joni Sledge, member of the group Sister Sledge, dies aged 60.
GO Joni Sledge, who with her sisters recorded the defining dance anthem We Are Family, has died, the band’s representative has said.
GO Paul Ryan: I Do The Speaker Job ’Better’ Than John Boehner Did.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) boasted in a CNN interview published Thursday that he thought he does the job better than his predecessor, John Boehner ( ) who resigned last year.
GO Grassley: ’I Assume’ FBI Could Leak Clinton Email Investigation.
GO Senate Judiciary Chair Chuck Grassley ( ) said Friday that he believed that the FBI could leak the results of its investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server if ”political interference” gets in the way of a prosecution.
GO South Carolina Sheriff: NAACP Is A ‘Racist Group’ Just Like The KKK.
GO A South Carolina sheriff who lumped the NAACP and Ku Klux Klan together as “racist” groups told the Spartanburg   that his words were being taken “way out of context” in a Thursday interview.
GO Obama: Black Lives Matter And Other Activists Need To Learn To Compromise.
GO At a youth town hall in London Saturday, President Obama said that activists, specifically Black Lives Matter activists, need to be willing to compromise and that sometimes, the tone of the activism can turn people off to their message.
GO Sanders Avoids Saying If It’s OK To Talk Monica Lewinsky On The Trail.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) avoided saying Sunday whether he thought it was fair game to talk about Monica Lewinsky on the campaign trail.
GO Charles Koch Rails Against Trump, Cruz: They’re ’Terrible Role Models’.
GO Republican mega donor Charles Koch railed in an interview aired Sunday against the policies of Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) calling them ”terrible role models.” Koch said in a   interview with ABC News that he didn’t plan on donating to either campaign.
GO Charles Koch: ’It’s Possible’ Clinton Would Be Better Prez Than A Republican.
GO Republican mega donor Charles Koch said in an interview aired Sunday that it was ”possible” that it would be better to have Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton as president rather than a Republican.
GO Trump Jr.: Cruz Can Only Win Nomination By ’Bribing’ Delegates.
GO Donald Trump Jr. son to the Republican presidential frontrunner, said Sunday that his dad’s opponent, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) could only win the GOP nomination by ”bribing” delegates.
GO Megyn Kelly To Sit Down With Trump For Interview Airing Next Month.
GO Fox News host Megyn Kelly will sit down with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump for an interview slated to air May 17, the network announced Monday.
GO Editor For Adelson-Owned Paper Says Columnist Can’t Write About Adelson.
GO The new editor of the Las Vegas   reportedly told a room of journalists this weekend that a longtime columnist for the newspaper won’t be able to write about its owner, GOP megadonor Sheldon Adelson.
GO Trump: If ‘Clinton Were A Man,’ She Wouldn’t Get 5 Percent Of The Vote (VIDEO).
GO Donald Trump said that Hillary Clinton wouldn’t have made it to this point in the 2016 race if she were a man during a Tuesday night press conference following his sweeping primary wins in five states.
GO Trump After Sweeping Primary Wins: ‘As Far As I’m Concerned, It’s Over’.
GO Donald Trump crowed to his supporters from Trump Tower after easily winning five Republican presidential primaries Tuesday night, saying, “as far as I’m concerned, it’s over.
GO Is There Actually Good Climate News from China and the US?.
GO Are we finally seeing some good climate news from the world’s biggest carbon emitters, the US and China?
GO Van Hollen Gets By Edwards In Maryland Democratic Senate Primary.
GO Rep. Chris Van Hollen ( ) is the projected winner over Rep. Donna Edwards ( ) in the bitterly contested Democratic Senate primary in Maryland, according to MSNBC and CNN.
GO Hillary Clinton Projected To Win The Democratic Primary In Connecticut.
GO In a     vote over two hours after polls closed, the Associated Press and MSNBC projected Hillary Clinton the winner of Connecticut’s Democratic primary on Tuesday night.
GO GOPer: Clinton Will ’Go Down Like Monica Lewinsky’ Debating Trump.
GO A Florida GOP official said that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton would ”go down like Monica Lewinsky” if she debated Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump, The Washington Post reported Wednesday.
GO What To Take from Trump’s Speech.
GO There are many things you could say about Donald Trump’s foreign policy speech.
GO Bobby Knight Praises Trump: He’ll ’Have The Guts To Drop The Bomb’.
GO Hours after Donald Trump called nuclear weapons ”the single greatest threat that the world has,” basketball coaching legend Bobby Knight told a crowd Thursday in Indiana that the GOP presidential frontrunner would ”have the guts to drop the bomb” like former President Harry Truman.
GO Jane Sanders Says She Agrees With Trump: The Nom Process Is ’Not Good’.
GO Jane Sanders, wife to Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said Thursday that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump has a point when he says the nomination process for both parties need to be fixed.
GO Mark Halperin Suggests Trump Could Put California In General Election Play (VIDEO).
GO Bloomberg journalist Mark Halperin suggested Friday morning that Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump could put Democrat Hillary Clinton on the defensive in the true blue state of California in the general election.
GO CIA Tweets Raid That Killed Bin Laden As If It Were Happening Live.
GO The Central Intelligence Agency marked the fifth anniversary of Osama Bin Laden’s death on Sunday by live tweeting the raid as if it were happening today.
GO Malia Obama To Attend Harvard University After Taking Gap Year.
GO The White House announced Sunday that Malia Obama, President Obama and Michelle Obama’s elder daughter, will attend Harvard University.
GO Clinton Cracks Up When Asked About Attending Trump’s Wedding.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton cracked up in an interview aired Sunday when she was asked if she foresaw herself running against Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump when she attended his wedding 11 years ago.
GO Larry Wilmore Calls Out Reporters At White Correspondents’ Dinner (VIDEO).
GO ”Nightly Show” host Larry Wilmore called out several reporters in the audience as he delivered remarks at President Obama’s last White House Correspondents’ Dinner.
GO Cruz Repeatedly Refuses To Say If He’ll Support Trump As The GOP Nominee.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) repeatedly refused to say in an interview aired Sunday whether he would support opponent Donald Trump if the businessman was ultimately the party’s nominee.
GO Trump Blasts Cruz: ’Even I Would’ve Helped’ Fiorina When She Fell Off Stage!.
GO Ever the gentleman, Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump says he would have at least tried to help Carly Fiorina when she fell off the stage while stumping for Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) over the weekend.
GO Trump: I Have More Foreign Policy Experience Than ’Virtually Anybody’.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump argued Monday that he had more foreign policy experience than ”virtually anybody” seeking the presidency in response to a couple jokes President Obama made at Trump’s expense.
GO White House Defends Wilmore Dropping The N-Word At Correspondents’ Dinner.
GO White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest defended comedian Larry Wilmore on Monday after the black comedian called Obama ”my nigga” at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner.
GO Poll: Most Americans Expect Clinton, Trump To Face Off In General Election.
GO Most Americans expect Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton to compete with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in the general election, according to a poll released Monday.
GO McCain’s Former Top Aide Will Support Clinton Over Trump.
GO A former aide to John McCain, who served both as the Arizona senator’s chief of staff and a senior advisor on his 2008 presidential campaign, made clear Tuesday that he would vote for Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump in the general election.
GO CNN’s Jake Tapper: Linking Cruz’s Dad To Lee Harvey Oswald Is ’Shameful’ (VIDEO).
GO CNN host Jake Tapper on Tuesday absolutely skewered GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s suggestion that his rival’s father was somehow connected to Lee Harvey Oswald, the man who assassinated President John F. Kennedy.
GO Clinton: I Know How To Counterpunch Against ’Bullying’ Trump.
GO Hillary Clinton gave a glimpse into what her general election campaign may look like during a Wednesday interview with CNN, saying she’s prepared to counterpunch against all manner of attacks from presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
GO McConnell Will Keep Blocking Garland Even If Trump Gets To Pick SCOTUS Nom.
GO Mitch McConnell is going to keep blocking President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland even if that means Donald Trump ultimately gets to fill the court vacancy.
GO Trump Spox Insists Clinton ‘Has Never Been Truly Vetted Before’.
GO Donald Trump’s national spokeswoman suggested Wednesday that Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton has “never been truly vetted before” during her 38 years in the public eye.
GO Fox News WH Correspondent Ed Henry Off The Air After Infidelity Reported.
GO Fox News Chief White House Correspondent Ed Henry won’t appear on air after a tabloid story that Henry had a    affair with a Las Vegas hostess, Politico reported Wednesday.
GO How Priebus Is Playing Mediator Between Trump and Ryan.
GO Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus admits that he received a phone call from Donald Trump within minutes after House Speaker Paul Ryan went on CNN and said that he was not ready to support Trump.
GO Priebus: Stopping Trump At Convention ’Unlikely,’ But ’Nothing Is Impossible’.
GO Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus says that he’s personally doubtful that Donald Trump will be unseated as the presumptive nominee at the convention in Cleveland, but ”nothing is impossible.
GO Elizabeth Warren Goes After Donald Trump In Twitter Feud: ’Weak!’.
GO Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) tore into Donald Trump on Friday after the presumptive Republican presidential nominee labeled her as ”goofy” on Twitter.
GO Sarah Palin Says She Wouldn’t ’Want To Be A Burden’ By Being Trump’s VP.
GO Former Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin said Sunday that she wouldn’t ”want to be a burden” by being the running mate to presumptive GOP nominee, Donald Trump.
GO Jon Stewart: Trump Is A ’Man-Baby’ With A Baby’s ’Temperament And Hands’.
GO Comedian Jon Stewart said Monday on a podcast that presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump was a ” ” with a baby’s ”temperament and hands.” Stewart criticized Trump during an appearance on ”Axe Files,” a podcast hosted by David Axelrod, a former top advisor to President Obama.
GO Ryan Vows To Step Down As Convention Chair If Trump Asks Him To Do So.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) on Monday told reporters for the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel that he would do ”whatever” presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump asks him to do in regard to the Republican National Convention, including stepping down as the convention chair.
GO Ben Carson No Longer Helping Pick Trump’s Running Mate.
GO Dr. Ben Carson is no longer part of the effort to vet candidates to be presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump’s running mate.
GO Florida Man Accidentally Shoots Himself, Doesn’t Notice Until 2 Days Later.
GO A    Florida man only noticed he’d been shot while cleaning his revolver two days later when he changed from a black shirt to a brown one and noticed a blood stain from his wound.
GO McConnell On Trump: Hillary Clinton Will Be Enough To Unify Republicans!.
GO While avoiding saying Donald Trump’s name out loud, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters Tuesday on Capitol Hill that ”the early indications are that our nominee is likely to be very competitive.” ”We know that Hillary Clinton will be four more years of Barack Obama.
GO Ted Cruz Is Planning To Stick Around The Senate For A While.
GO After spending the last year railing against the Washington establishment on the campaign trail, it looks like Ted Cruz wants to stick around the belly of the beast, the U. S. Senate.
GO Is Donald Trump Making a Move in the Polls?.
GO Yesterday Quinnipiac came out with batch of swing state polls showing Donald Trump near even or ahead in three key swing states   Florida, Pennsylvania and Ohio.
GO Trump, Warren Trade Barbs After He Says She Didn’t Have ’Guts’ To Run For Prez.
GO Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump continued his attacks Wednesday against Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) tweeting that she didn’t ”have the guts” to run for the presidency.
GO Mitt Romney: Trump Not Releasing His Tax Returns Is ’Disqualifying’.
GO Former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney said Wednesday there’s only one reason Donald Trump isn’t releasing his tax returns: there’s a ”bombshell” lurking in the documents.
GO Sean Hannity Warns Fox News Host ‘Your Mic Is Hot!’ After On-Air Sanders Diss (VIDEO).
GO Fox News pundit Sean Hannity warned fellow host Geraldo Rivera that his mic was hot Tuesday night after Rivera was heard calling Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) “so annoying” before the network broadcast the senator’s victory speech.
GO Donald Trump Says He Won’t Release Tax Returns Before November.
GO Donald Trump, the Republican Party’s presumptive nominee, said in a Tuesday interview he doesn’t plan to release his tax returns before November.
GO Kansas man indicted on hate crime charges in shooting of two Indian men.
GO           A federal grand jury on Friday indicted a Kansas man on two hate crime charges in connection with a shooting in February that killed one Indian man and injured another.
GO ‘My whole arm was in its mouth’: Woman loses arm in shark attack in the Bahamas.
GO An ordinary snorkeling excursion in a shallow reef in the Bahamas turned horrific last week when a shark attack cost a North Carolina mother of three much of her right arm.
GO ‘Our hearts are heavy’: Police search for two Georgia prison inmates they say killed two guards during escape.
GO           Authorities in Georgia said they were searching for two inmates who killed a pair of prison guards and escaped early Tuesday morning while being transported through a rural area southeast of Atlanta.
GO Minn. officer acquitted in shooting of Philando Castile during traffic stop, dismissed from police force.
GO           The Minnesota police officer who fatally shot Philando Castile during a traffic stop was acquitted on all charges by a jury Friday, a decision that came nearly a year after the encounter was partially streamed online to a rapt nation in the midst of a painful reckoning over shootings by law enforcement.
GO Milwaukee Sheriff David Clarke rescinds acceptance of Homeland Security post.
GO      Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke, Jr. has withdrawn his name from consideration for an assistant secretary position at the Department of Homeland Security, an adviser to Clarke confirmed to The Washington Post on Saturday.
GO New ad campaign to pressure five GOP senators to vote against health-care overhaul.
GO      An organization that opposes the Republican effort to repeal and replace key parts of the Affordable Care Act is pressuring five GOP senators not to vote for the emerging legislation in a new $1.
GO Our lawmakers are increasingly under physical threat. They have no choice but to press on..
GO      The horrific shooting targeting GOP lawmakers at an Alexandria baseball field last week was an alarming   call: Public officials may be increasingly facing potentially deadly threats of violence.
GO Dirty attack ad could backfire in Georgia’s high-profile 6th District race.
GO           The Atlanta   reports: Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel strongly condemned an attack ad that surfaced Sunday accusing the “unhinged left” of endorsing violence against Republicans days before the   race to represent Georgia’s 6th District is decided.
GO Rick Perry just denied that humans are the main cause of climate change.
GO      Energy Secretary Rick Perry on Monday denied that   carbon dioxide emissions are the primary cause of climate change.
GO Video footage shows Minn. traffic stop that ended with Philando Castile’s death.
GO           The Minnesota police officer who fatally shot Philando Castile during a traffic stop last year fired a volley of bullets within seconds of learning the driver was armed, according to a video recording released publicly Tuesday.
GO Obama on the GOP health-care plan: ‘This bill will do you harm.’.
GO      Former president Barack Obama posted a nearly   critique of the Senate   bill Thursday on Facebook, warning, “This bill will do you harm.
GO The White House hires a Trump hotel executive to serve as chief usher.
GO       Melania Trump on Friday named a senior manager at Washington’s Trump International Hotel to serve as chief usher of the White House.
GO White House blames Obama for failing to stop Russia collusion.
GO      The White House blamed the Obama administration Sunday for failing to tackle possible Russian collusion in the 2016 presidential election, sticking with a new strategy to fault President Trump’s predecessor for an issue currently facing the president himself as part of a widening FBI probe.
GO John McEnroe: If Serena Williams played the men’s circuit, she’d rank ‘like 700’.
GO      Retired tennis great John McEnroe describes Serena Williams as the best female tennis player in the world in his new memoir, “But Seriously,” but during a Sunday interview with NPR’s Lulu   the   major singles champion suggested Williams wouldn’t stand a chance if she competed on the men’s circuit.
GO The ultimate symbol of the pre-recession boom is back.
GO           If there’s anything that typifies the boom times before the Great Recession, it is the McMansion.
GO Three Chicago police officers charged with conspiring to cover up Laquan McDonald shooting.
GO      Three current or former police officers in Chicago were indicted Tuesday on charges of conspiring to cover up the fatal shooting of Laquan McDonald, a black teenager killed by an officer in 2014.
GO ‘I don’t like bulliesâ€™: Reporter explains why he confronted Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
GO           Brian Karem, the reporter who confronted deputy White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders during a news briefing, said he did so because he s had enoughÂ of the Trump administration s bullying of the media.
GO President Trump angrily lashes out at ‘Morning Joe’ hosts on Twitter.
GO           President Trump lashed out at the hosts of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” in two vicious tweets Thursday morning, calling Mika Brzezinski “low I. Q.
GO Trump’s voter-fraud commission wants to know voting history, party ID and address of every voter in the U.S..
GO           The chair of President Trump’s Election Integrity Commission has penned a letter to all 50 states requesting their full   data, including the name, address, date of birth, party affiliation, last four Social Security number digits and voting history back to 2006 of potentially every voter in the state.
GO Politicians to Skip Boston St. Patrick’s Day Parade After Gay Group Is Banned - The New York Times.
GO Some of Massachusetts’s top politicians said on Wednesday that they would not attend the St. Patrick’s Day Parade in South Boston after organizers told a group of gay and transgender military veterans that they would not be allowed to march on March 19 after two years of L. G. B. T. inclusion in the event.
GO Harvard Law, Moving to Diversify Applicant Pool, Will Accept GRE Scores - The New York Times.
GO Harvard Law School, moving to open its doors to a larger, more diverse pool of applicants, said on Wednesday that it would accept the graduate record examination, known as the GRE, for the admission of students entering its fall 2018 class.
GO Robert James Waller, Author of ‘The Bridges of Madison County,’ Dies at 77 - The New York Times.
GO Robert James Waller, whose gauzy, romantic novel “The Bridges of Madison County” became a runaway best seller on its publication in 1992 and the basis of a popular film, died on Friday at his home in Fredericksburg, Tex.
GO How to Plan a Family Reunion - The New York Times.
GO They are supposed to be memorable and a chance to reconnect with your loved ones, but family reunions need careful planning to pull off successfully, according to Jeanne Pena, the family reunions manager at Mohonk Mountain House, a resort in New Paltz, N. Y. that hosts more than 150 family reunions a year.
GO Muhammad Ali Jr., Detained Last Month at Airport, Stopped Again - The New York Times.
GO One day after Muhammad Ali Jr. spoke with members of Congress about being detained at a Florida airport last month, he was briefly stopped again before boarding a flight on Friday afternoon, his lawyer said.
GO Amy Krouse Rosenthal, Children’s Author and Filmmaker, Dies at 51 - The New York Times.
GO Amy Krouse Rosenthal, a prolific children’s book author, memoirist and public speaker who, dying of cancer, found an extraordinarily large readership this month with a column in The New York Times titled “You May Want to Marry My Husband,” died on Monday at her home in Chicago.
GO Derek Walcott, Poet and Nobel Laureate of the Caribbean, Dies at 87 - The New York Times.
GO Derek Walcott, whose intricately metaphorical poetry captured the physical beauty of the Caribbean, the harsh legacy of colonialism and the complexities of living and writing in two cultural worlds, bringing him a Nobel Prize in Literature, died early Friday morning at his home near Gros Islet in St. Lucia.
GO Jimmy Breslin, Legendary New York City Newspaper Columnist, Dies at 88 - The New York Times.
GO Jimmy Breslin, the New York City newspaper columnist and   author who leveled the powerful and elevated the powerless for more than 50 years with   words and a   wit, died on Sunday at his home in Manhattan.
GO Chuck Berry, Rock ’n’ Roll Pioneer, Dies at 90 - The New York Times.
GO Chuck Berry, who with his indelible guitar licks, brash   and memorable songs about cars, girls and wild dance parties did as much as anyone to define rock ’n’ roll’s potential and attitude in its early years, died on Saturday at his home near Wentzville, Mo.
GO Patients Lose Sight After Stem Cells Are Injected Into Their Eyes - The New York Times.
GO Three women suffered severe, permanent eye damage after stem cells were injected into their eyes, in an unproven treatment at a loosely regulated clinic in Florida, doctors reported in an article published Wednesday in The New England Journal of Medicine.
GO Robert Silvers, a Founding Editor of New York Review of Books, Dies at 87 - The New York Times.
GO Robert B. Silvers, a founder of The New York Review of Books, which under his editorship became one of the premier intellectual journals in the United States, a showcase for extended, thoughtful essays on literature and politics by eminent writers, died on Monday at his home in Manhattan.
GO Survival of Sears and Kmart Is in Doubt, Owner Warns - The New York Times.
GO The corporate owner of Sears and Kmart said on Tuesday that there was “substantial doubt” that it could continue operating, as    stores continue to face challenges in an   world.
GO 5 Bodies Found Off Libya Amid Fears That 200 Migrants May Have Drowned - The New York Times.
GO The bodies of five people were found near two capsized dinghies off the coast of Libya on Thursday, and the aid organization that recovered the bodies said it feared that more than 200 migrants may have drowned.
GO Donald Trump says he knows how the U.S. can get out of paying all its debts.
GO      Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Thursday said he might seek to pay back investors in U. S. government debt less than they were owed ”if the economy crashed,” raising doubts about whether Treasury bonds would be reliable in a future administration.
GO Sarah Palin says Paul Ryan will soon be ‘Cantored’.
GO      Sarah Palin said in a television interview broadcast Sunday that she will support Speaker Paul Ryan’s primary challenger, and she compared Ryan to former House majority leader Eric Cantor (Va.) who was stunningly defeated in a 2014 primary.
GO Sorry, suckers: Trump didn’t actually shift on taxing rich and minimum wage.
GO      THE MORNING PLUM: There’s a lot of chatter out there to the effect that Donald Trump is shifting his stances on taxing the rich and on the minimum wage.
GO North Carolina, Justice Dept. file dueling lawsuits over transgender rights.
GO        North Carolina and the Justice Department announced dueling lawsuits Monday over the state’s “bathroom bill,” which has become the epicenter of a larger fight over transgender rights.
GO Is Trump confounding expectations again?.
GO      Don’t look now, but Donald Trump may be confounding political expectations again.
GO Democratic focus groups reveal warning signs about Donald Trump.
GO      Focus groups of swing voters have picked up some warning signs for Democrats about Donald Trump’s general election candidacy: While those swing voters are willing to see Trump as a risky, divisive figure, they are not yet prepared to believe the Dem argument that Trump’s policy proposals would benefit the rich, a senior Democratic strategist who has been directly involved in extensive focus groups tells me.
GO Obama to make historic visit to Hiroshima.
GO          President Obama will make a historic trip to Hiroshima, Japan, on May 27, becoming the first sitting U. S. president to visit the site of the world’s first atomic bombing.
GO For the two women battling North Carolina law, prejudice is a personal issue.
GO        On Monday, there was a remarkable moment at the Department of Justice: two women of color who had personally experienced the pain of prejudice walked to the podium to announce the Justice Department’s discrimination lawsuit against the state of North Carolina.
GO Bryce Harper suspended for one game by MLB.
GO      Major League Baseball suspended Bryce Harper and fined him an undisclosed amount for his actions following his ejection Monday, “which included returning to the field,” according to the league’s announcement.
GO Secret Service to investigate after Trump’s ex-butler calls for Obama to be killed.
GO The longtime former butler to presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump called for President Obama to be killed, and now the Secret Service said it will conduct an investigation.
GO The gun George Zimmerman said he used on Trayvon Martin is up for auction again after being delisted.
GO        After one online gun seller pulled his listing, George Zimmerman has found a new website on which he plans to auction the gun he said he used to kill Trayvon Martin.
GO Pope Francis calls for study on ‘reinstating’ female deacons.
GO      Pope Francis on Thursday told an international conference of nuns that he wants to create a commission to study the possibility of “reinstating” female deacons, a dramatic statement highlighting the historic role of women in the church, but one which left unclear what tangible changes Francis is open to making.
GO Trump just boasted that he pays as little in taxes as possible. Here’s why..
GO      THE MORNING PLUM: With the battle continuing to rage over Donald Trump’s ongoing suggestion that he may not release his tax returns before the November election, this exchange with ABC News’s George Stephanopoulous, which took place a few moments ago, provides a glimpse into what Trump really thinks about all this: TRUMP: I fight very hard to pay as little tax as possible.
GO The main reason Apple just invested $1 billion in the Uber of China.
GO      Flush with cash in overseas accounts, Apple announced Thursday that it had invested $1 billion in China’s most dominant   company, giving the consumer electronics giant a stronger connection to a country that is critical to its future success.
GO Navy SEAL instructor pulled away from training following death of sailor.
GO      A Navy SEAL instructor has been temporarily removed from his training duties following the death of a sailor in a swimming pool, a service spokesman said Saturday.
GO Millions more workers would be eligible for overtime pay under new federal rule.
GO      The Obama administration will unveil a new rule Wednesday that would make millions of   workers eligible for overtime pay, a move that delivers a   victory for labor groups.
GO If you get colon cancer, your prognosis depends partly on where it started.
GO      People with cancer that starts on the left side of their colon live significantly longer than those with   tumors, according to a new study that provides insights into how best to match drugs to patients with advanced disease.
GO Is Bernie Sanders doing any better than he was when voting began?.
GO      One of the questions at the heart of the Democratic presidential contest is whether the race has shifted in favor of Sen. Bernie Sanders over the past few months.
GO Oklahoma legislature passes bill making it a felony to perform abortions.
GO        Lawmakers in Oklahoma approved a bill Thursday that would make performing abortions a felony and revoke the medical licenses of most physicians who assist in such procedures.
GO New poll finds 9 in 10 Native Americans aren’t offended by Redskins name.
GO          Nine in 10 Native Americans say they are not offended by the Washington Redskins name, according to a new Washington Post poll that shows how few ordinary Indians have been persuaded by a national movement to change the football team’s moniker.
GO Justice Department will seek death penalty for accused Charleston church gunman Dylann Roof.
GO        Federal prosecutors will seek the death sentence for Dylann Roof, the man accused of killing nine parishioners in a Charleston, S. C. church last year.
GO Eleven states sue Obama administration over bathroom guidance for transgender students.
GO        Eleven states and state officials filed a lawsuit Wednesday challenging the Obama administration over federal guidance directing schools to allow transgender students to use restrooms and other facilities that match their gender identities.
GO LIVE: MARKETS ARE GOING HAYWIRE.
GO ’   Markets are going haywire as election results keep rolling in,   after a strong early showing for Republican presidential   nominee Donald Trump.
GO Exit polls provide first glimpse of 2016 electorate.
GO ’   Exit polls rolled in on Tuesday evening and provided the   first glimpse into where the electorate stands on Election Day.
GO A San Francisco man flew a Nazi flag over his house to protest Donald Trump’s win.
GO ’   An unidentified San Francisco homeowner flew a Nazi flag   over his house after Donald Trump was declared     who received a tip about the   flag.
GO NBC News under fire for misleading tweets about Trump chief of staff’s answer on Muslim registry.
GO ’   NBC News came under fire Sunday morning for a pair of tweets that   removed context from an answer Reince Priebus,     Donald Trump’s pick for White House chief of staff, offered on   the idea of a Muslim registry.
GO Microsoft’s CEO takes a shot at Tim Cook over the iPad Pro’s similarities to the Surface.
GO ’’ ’Back in 2012, when Microsoft first announced its   Surface, a Wall Street analyst asked Apple CEO Tim Cook if the Cupertino company would ever follow suit with a   hybrid of its own.’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’ ’
GO A 6-year-old boy was behind the Thanksgiving surprise outside Hillary Clinton’s home.
GO ’   A    boy named Liam was behind the effort to surprise   Hillary Clinton on Thanksgiving Day with a series of colorful   signs posted near her Chappaqua, New York, home, .
GO A new technology is being developed using just 1% of the finite resource needed for traditional MRIs.
GO ’’ ’’ ’To keep things that chilly, the machines use liquid helium, a .’ ’To counter that, GE is developing a new magnetic technology that only needs about 1% of the liquid helium traditional MRI machines need.
GO A new technology is being developed using just 1% of the finite resource needed for traditional MRIs.
GO ’’ ’’ ’To keep things that chilly, the machines use liquid helium, a .’ ’To counter that, GE is developing a new magnetic technology that only needs about 1% of the liquid helium traditional MRI machines need.
GO Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz is stepping down.
GO ’’ ’Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz is stepping down next year, the company announced on Thursday.
GO CNN apologizes, disciplines producer after employee was caught on hot mic joking about Trump’s plane crashing.
GO ”   CNN on Friday apologized after one of its producers was caught on   a hot mic making a joke about   Donald Trump’s   plane crashing.
GO Hillary Clinton: Islamic State Praying to Allah Trump Becomes President.
GO Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said that the Islamic State was praying to Allah that Donald Trump would be the next President of the United States.
GO FBI Source to Fox News: Agents Are ’Livid’ About Clinton-Lynch Meeting - Breitbart.
GO Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Outnumbered,” Fox News chief intelligence correspondent Catherine Herridge reported FBI agents are “livid” about Attorney General Loretta Lynch’s meeting with Bill Clinton in an airport in Phoenix, AZ earlier this week.
GO Report: Sheldon Adelson Planning Israel Visit for Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO Report states that Sheldon Adelson is making plans for Donald Trump to visit Israel before the Republican National Convention.
GO Le Pen Takes Commanding Lead in Presidential Election Polls.
GO Front National leader Marine Le Pen has taken a substantial lead in the latest French presidential election poll, eight points ahead of her nearest rival.
GO Report: 18-Year-Old Woman Says She Slept With ’More Than 30’ California Police Officers - Breitbart.
GO Many law enforcement careers are on the line in California as an    out of Oakland is saying she has slept with “more than 30” California police officers, says a report by ABC 7 Chicago.
GO Gang Member Convicted of Murdering Australian College Baseball Player to Be Re-Sentenced - Breitbart.
GO The Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals threw out the sentence for a teenage gang member convicted of murdering an Australian college baseball player, KFOR reported.
GO VIDEO: Mexican Beach Resort Town Turned Into Cartel War Zone.
GO Over the weekend the Mexican beach resort Town of Acapulco Guerrero turned into a war zone as convoys carrying cartel gunmen clashed with police and military forces.
GO Graphic Video: Baylor Football Player Abusing His Dog.
GO A Baylor University football player is facing disciplinary action after a graphic video emerged showing him beating and kicking a yelping dog.
GO Gutfeld: Trump’s Doing What Obama Does By Whining About FNC, ’Hypocritical’ Not To Mock Him - Breitbart.
GO Fox News Channel host Greg Gutfeld argued that “We often mock President Obama for whining about Fox News” and that since this is what GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump is doing “It’s hypocritical” not to mock Trump for doing what Obama does on Tuesday’s broadcast of “The Five.
GO Jamie Weinstein to ’Renegade Jew’ Columnist: Hillary Could Be Better for Israel than Trump - Breitbart.
GO Jamie Weinstein, Senior Editor at the Daily Caller, told author David Horowitz that in at least one respect, a President Hillary Clinton would be a better ally for Israel than Donald Trump.
GO Poll: Majority of Voters Want FBI To Urge Prosecution of Hillary Clinton - Breitbart.
GO A clear majority of voters prefer the FBI back prosecution of Hillary Clinton, according to a July 5 poll conducted by Rasmussen Reports.
GO Mark Zuckerberg Can Retain Control of Facebook If He Leaves for Politics - Breitbart.
GO Filings from a recent court case between Mark Zuckerberg and minority investors have revealed that the Facebook CEO can remain in control of Facebook even if he leaves for a period to pursue a position in politics.
GO On Two-Year Anniversary of Boko Haram Kidnapping, Video Surfaces of Missing Girls.
GO On the   anniversary of the mass abduction of over 200 girls by the jihadist group Boko Haram in northeast Nigeria, CNN has published a video showing 15 of the victims, all wearing Islamic garb and describing themselves as “well.
GO 9,000 Companies Left California Since 2008.
GO At least 9, 000 companies have left California from 2008 to 2015, according to the 378 page study by Spectrum Location Solutions titled, California’s Forty Year Legacy of Hostility to Business.
GO Barbara Bush: Jeb! Is ‘Too Polite’ - Breitbart.
GO While campaigning for her son in New Hampshire, Barbara Bush said she thinks Jeb Bush is “too polite.
GO Official Report: Muslims Least Likely Faith To Have a Job.
GO A government report has found Muslims are the least likely faith group in Wales to be employed.
GO Public Schools in Obama’s Home State Drowning in $20 Billion Debt - Breitbart.
GO A new report on the state of the public school systems in Obama’s home state of Illinois finds they are $20 billion in debt with no end in sight to the growing budget failure.
GO Nearly a Third of All Homes Flooded in Louisiana Parish After Levees Fail.
GO Almost a third of all homes have flooded in Ascension Parish, Louisiana after the region’s levee system failed to keep floodwaters at bay.
GO Clinton Campaign Manager Mook Suggests Trump a ’Puppet for the Kremlin’ - Breitbart.
GO On ABC’s “This Week,” Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook suggested that Clinton’s Republican opponent Donald Trump was “a puppet for the Kremlin.
GO Obama: Executive Action on Guns Will Be ‘Entirely Consistent’ With the Second Amendment - Breitbart.
GO Monday, President Barack Obama announced his plan to use an executive order on gun control and claimed he is confident his action will be “entirely consistent with the Second Amendment.
GO Columnist: ‘The Rise of Populism May Be Obama’s Legacy’ - Breitbart.
GO Alan Philps writes in The National, Abu Dhabi’s     newspaper, that despite President Obama’s warning in his final address to the United Nations about the dangers of “crude populism,” populist sentiment is on the rise in America following his eight years in office, and that may end up being his enduring legacy.
GO Judge Jeanine: The Establishment Trying to Take Nomination From Trump Is ’Un-American’ - Breitbart.
GO On the Saturday broadcast of “Justice” on Fox News Channel, host Judge Jeanine Pirro went after the GOP establishment, who she noted is still trying to keep GOP   Donald Trump from getting the nomination.
GO Nikki Haley Declares Rubio Is for Amnesty, Not for Amnesty.
GO In what may be one of the most bizarre political moments to spring out of Nikki Haley’s   State of the Union response, Haley declared that   presidential favorite Marco Rubio “believes in amnesty,” before she flipped 180 degrees to adopt the Rubio campaign talking point that he is “not for amnesty.
GO Harvard Political Review: To Understand Trump, Study Milo - Breitbart.
GO Akash Wasil in the Harvard Political Review writes that the rapid rise of Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos can help explain the concurrent rise of Donald Trump as the presumptive Republican nominee.
GO McDonald’s Employee Fired After Refusing to Serve Texas Cop.
GO An employee at a McDonald’s restaurant was fired after she refused to serve food to a Brenham, Texas, police officer.
GO Sen. Mike Lee Reaffirms: ‘The American People’ Should Choose Next SCOTUS Nominee - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Mike Lee reaffirms that the next nominee to the U. S. Supreme Court should be chosen only after a new president is elected and the American people have a voice in that choice.
GO Anne Gearan: Clinton Looked ’Close To Being in a Hostage Video’ Answer Email Questions - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of PBS’ “Washington Week,” Washington Post Political Correspondent Anne Gearan stated that when she took questions about her emails earlier in the day, Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton “looked about as close to being in a hostage video as I’ve seen her” and “came very close to pointing fingers at Comey in a partisan way.
GO Trump: ’Trust Me We Are Going To Build a Wall’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday in Indianapolis, IN at the Carrier factory he recently announced would be keeping 1, 000 jobs in the United States,   Donald Trump vowed a border wall would be built.
GO ’Game of Thrones’ Star: If You’re Not Feminist, You’re A Sexist - Breitbart.
GO British actress Maisie Williams, who stars in HBO’s Game of Thrones, declared Tuesday anyone who do not identify as feminist should be automatically labeled a “sexist.
GO Hillary Clinton Takes in Performance of Broadway’s ’Hamilton’ After FBI Interview - Breitbart.
GO Hillary and Bill Clinton took in a performance of   Broadway musical Hamilton just hours after the presumptive Democrat presidential nominee was interviewed Saturday by federal agents at FBI headquarters regarding her use of an unsecured private email server while she was Secretary of State.
GO Hillary Clinton Laughs Off Question About Her Health - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton laughed off questions from reporters about her health, while standing in the rope line after a campaign rally in Cleveland, Ohio.
GO Week of Trump Rallies Draws Over 26,000 Hundreds at 2 Clinton Events - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saw many thousands of supporters gather at several rallies this week, far outpacing his opponent, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, who again cancelled one of her few campaign events.
GO Gawker Founder: Obama Sex Tape Would Not Be Newsworthy - Breitbart.
GO Founder of Gawker Media Nick Denton claimed that a   featuring President Obama would not be newsworthy in the Hulk Hogan vs. Gawker sex tape trial this week.
GO Record Tourism in 2015: Over 2 Million Foreign Visitors Travelled to D.C. - Breitbart.
GO Over 2 million foreign visitors travelled to the nation’s capitol last year, the highest level of foreign travel to the Washington D. C. area to date, according to the city’s tourism marketing bureau.
GO Flashback – Joe Biden: Obama’s ’Got a Problem’ If He Tries to Take My Gun - Breitbart.
GO In light of the August 9 media feeding frenzy which twisted Donald Trump’s words to allege he was urging violence against Hillary Clinton, it is interesting to note words uttered by Joe Biden in 2008, that need no twisting: that Obama would have a “problem” if he tried to take away Biden’s gun.
GO Socialist Seattle Councilwoman Calls for Presidential Inauguration Protest - Breitbart.
GO A Socialist Councilwoman has called for the disruption of the inauguration of   Donald J. Trump at a protest in Seattle tonight.
GO Oregon: 2 Dead, 2 Injured, Shooting Suspect In Custody - Breitbart.
GO The Marion County Sheriff’s Office (MCSO) in Oregon is reporting a shooting incident that left two dead and two injured Monday morning.
GO Attack on American University Latest Sign of ‘Growing Insecurity in Kabul’ - Breitbart.
GO The American University of Afghanistan in Kabul is under attack, a testament to the “growing insecurity” in the Afghan capital recently highlighted by a watchdog agency appointed by Congress and the Pentagon.
GO Parents of American Islamic State Sex Slave Kayla Mueller: Obama Failed Our Daughter - Breitbart.
GO The parents of American hostage Kayla Mueller have shared with the public the 10 second “proof of life” video they received from her captors, the savage Islamic State ( ) in which their daughter proclaims, “It’s very terrifying here.
GO Rockettes to Perform at Trump Inauguration.
GO The Radio City Rockettes will perform at   Donald Trump’s inauguration in Washington DC on January 20, the dance company announced Thursday.
GO ‘Clock Boy’ Blames ’Islamophobia’ For His Troubles, on 15th Anniversary Of 9/11 Atrocity - Breitbart.
GO Ahmed “Clock Boy” Mohamed used the 15th anniversary of the   Islamic terror attacks on the United States to blame “Islamophobia” for the uproar caused by his decision to bring his   device to school in 2015.
GO Cheap Gas Prices are Trickle-Down Tax Cut of $1500 - Breitbart.
GO Liberals should find a new respect for tax cuts, because cheaper gasoline prices are acting like a $1, 500 “ ” tax cut for every American household, goosing revenue at local restaurants, groceries, charities and retail stories.
GO Nation of Islam’s Louis Farrakhan Offers to Protect Beyoncé if Police Won’t.
GO Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan has vowed to provide protection to pop star Beyoncé after at least one police union pledged to boycott the singer in the wake of her politically and racially charged halftime performance at the Super Bowl earlier this month.
GO Prof. John Banzhaf: Hackers Can Sabotage 2016 Election Without Changing Ballots.
GO Professor John Banzhaf of George Washington University Law School returned to Breitbart News Daily on Tuesday to repeat and intensify his warning about the vulnerability of our election system, in light of a Department of Homeland Security report that hackers have attempted to breach the computerized voting systems in more than 20 states.
GO Nice Attack Remembrance March Banned Due To Islamist Threat.
GO A remembrance march for victims of the Islamic State truck attack in Nice, France has been banned because of continuing safety concerns and stretched security services.
GO Michele Bachmann Shows Hillary Clinton How to Use NYC Subway - Breitbart.
GO In a short but sweet tweet, former Minnesota Republican Congresswoman Michele Bachmann shows Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton how easy it is to get through the turnstiles in New York City subway system.
GO Rafael Cruz: ‘Indiana Has Become Ground Zero’ for Ted Cruz - Breitbart.
GO “Indiana has become ground zero,” Rafael Cruz, father of Sen. Ted Cruz told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon on Tuesday.
GO Dr. Sebastian Gorka: Anyone Surprised by Weekend’s Islamic Terror Attack ’Has Been Asleep for the Last Two Years’.
GO On Monday’s Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow, Dr. Sebastian Gorka said, “All of the attacks over the weekend, all three of them, and the detonation of a backpack that we had just now, is part and parcel of the new jihadi tactic that we’ve seen in the last two years.
GO Hillary: I Would Raise the Federal Minimum Wage To $15 - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expressed her support for raising the federal minimum wage to $   during Thursday’s CNN Democratic presidential debate.
GO Bill Clinton: Republicans Are ’Kind of Scary’.
GO Former President Bill Clinton said that Republicans are “kind of scary” during a campaign stop Monday for his wife Hillary’s presidential effort.
GO Taxpayer-funded hate, thanks to the city campaign-finance system.
GO In a fresh sign of the perversity of the city’s   system, it looks like the taxpayers this year will be subsidizing outright hate speech.
GO Why Would Anyone Want a Firearm?.
GO Of all the   tropes that are trotted out in anger during our ongoing debate over gun control, perhaps the most irritating is the claim that the Constitution may indeed protect firearms, but it says “nothing at all about bullets.
GO Hillary Clinton Is Not a Feminist .
GO Since Hillary announced that her husband would be joining her on the campaign trail, people have been debating whether or not it’s fair for the GOP to attack Bill’s sexual misdeeds in order to indirectly attack her.
GO Fighting for the American Dream.
GO   years ago, there was no   law firm dedicated to protecting the American Dream, those rights that are essential to achieving a better life for yourself and passing it on to the next generation.
GO Did the White House Use the NSA to Spy on Congress about the Iran Deal?.
GO According to a bombshell Wall Street Journal article by Adam Entous and Danny Yadron, published online late Monday, the National Security Agency provided the White House with intercepted Israeli communications containing details of private discussions between Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu and U. S. lawmakers and American Jewish groups on the Iran nuclear deal.
GO Obama’s Executive Actions on Guns Will Help . . . Obama.
GO This much can be said for President Barack Obama’s executive decrees on gun control: By shifting some federal funds into intervention for the mentally ill, he at least acknowledges, in some small part, one of the key problems.
GO University Policy: ‘Slight’ Neck-Touching Can Be ‘Sexual Battery’ .
GO East Carolina University’s new sexual harassment policy declares that even “slight”   can be considered a form of “sexual battery” and deserving of punishment.
GO <I>Making a Murderer</I>: Half a Compelling Story.
GO There’s a brief scene at the beginning of episode 5 of the Netflix serial documentary Making a Murderer that illustrates the entire series’ raison d’être.
GO The State of Our Union Is Not Strong.
GO A president’s eighth State of the Union address is supposed to be his victory lap, a final year in the spotlight, in which he touts his achievements and then rides off into the sunset.
GO Why I’d Vote for Trump If He Were the GOP Nominee.
GO Seven months after announcing his candidacy, and three weeks before the first voters go to the polls, the possibility that Donald Trump could become the presidential nominee of the Republican party is no longer farfetched.
GO Conservatives Should Ask, ‘Does Trump Walk with Us?’.
GO Longtime conservative leader Richard Viguerie has a simple test for credentialing a conservative: Does he walk with us?
GO Paul Ryan Goes on Offense.
GO Paul Ryan enters his first full year as speaker of the House with a unified caucus, an ambitious agenda, and an audacious goal: Go on offense against President Obama and the Democratic party, while laying the predicate for unified Republican control of government in 2017.
GO Needed: Reform at Veterans Affairs.
GO Nearly two years after systemic problems within the Department of Veterans Affairs boiled over into a nationwide scandal, veterans continue to struggle with a dysfunctional bureaucracy and long waits for health care and other critical benefits.
GO Ben Sasse Asks the Donald: Would a President Trump Govern According to the Constitution?.
GO Last night, one week before the Iowa caucuses, Nebraska senator Ben Sasse took to Twitter to (cordially) ask Donald J. Trump, the current   for the Republican presidential nomination, a series of pointed questions: Mr @realDonaldTrump: You’ve struck a chord   ppl.
GO Lena Dunham: I Want to Tell the Media Which Words It Can’t Say about Hillary.
GO In an interview with Variety on Sunday, the   Lena Dunham said that she “literally” wants to tell the media what words they’re not allowed to say about Hillary Clinton.
GO If the Oscars Are So Liberal, Why Are the #OscarsSoWhite?.
GO Once again, a pillar of cultural liberalism finds itself embroiled in controversy, and, once again, cultural conservatives are being asked to make atonement.
GO Assault Charge for Professor Who Called for ‘Muscle’ Against Student Reporter.
GO Columbia’s city prosecutor has filed   assault charges against Melissa Click, the University of Missouri professor who infamously called for “muscle” to prevent a student reporter from covering a protest last November.
GO CHART: CBO Weighs Who Wins, Who Loses With Senate Health Care Bill.
GO The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office weighed in on the Senate health care bill on Monday, saying that 22 million people would lose health coverage in the next 10 years under the Senate’s plan.
GO Senate GOP Leaders Push Off Health Care Vote Until After July 4th.
GO Updated 3:30 p. m. ET, With their health care bill facing a perilous path, Senate Republican leaders have decided to push off a vote until after Congress returns from next week’s July Fourth recess, GOP aides confirm to NPR’s Susan Davis.
GO The Queen Gets A Raise And Buckingham Palace Is Poised For An Upgrade.
GO Queen Elizabeth II is set to get a raise, with much of the money going toward sprucing up Buckingham Palace, reports the BBC.
GO Geri Allen, Pianist, Composer And Educator, Dies At 60.
GO Geri Allen, a widely influential jazz pianist, composer and educator who defied classification while steadfastly affirming her roots in the   tradition of her native Detroit, died Tuesday in Philadelphia.
GO Death Penalty Dispute Makes Its Way To Florida Supreme Court.
GO The Florida Supreme Court heard oral arguments Wednesday in a legal dispute over the death penalty that pits a local prosecutor against the governor.
GO ’Petya’ Ransomware Hits At Least 65 Countries; Microsoft Traces It To Tax Software.
GO The ”Petya” cyberattack that has now struck computers in at least 65 countries can be traced to a Ukrainian company’s tax accounting software, Microsoft says.
GO The Plague Is Back, This Time In New Mexico.
GO Three people in New Mexico caught the plague, according to health officials there, who reported the two most recent cases this week.
GO President Obama Preparing To Take Executive Action On Guns .
GO President Obama is preparing to take executive action on guns soon, after being rebuffed by Congress in his effort to crack down on gun violence.
GO Ringing In 2016 Around The World.
GO Time zone by time zone, the planet is saying goodbye to 2015.
GO 6 Education Stories To Watch In 2016.
GO Claudio Sanchez is the senior member of the NPR Ed team, with more than 25 years on the education beat.
GO Wayne Rogers, Trapper John On ’M.A.S.H.’, Dies At 82.
GO For three seasons on the CBS hit show M. A. S. H. Wayne Rogers played Army surgeon ”Trapper” John McIntyre alongside Alan Alda’s character, Benjamin ”Hawkeye” Pierce.
GO Bowie And Beyond: Looking Ahead To The Music Of 2016.
GO You’re probably still digesting the best music of 2015, but now that the calendar has officially turned over, it’s time to look ahead.
GO Iranian Protesters Arrested At Saudi Embassy In Tehran.
GO Updated 6:20 a. m. ET Sunday, Angry over the execution of Shiite cleric Sheik Nimr   by Saudi Arabia, protesters stormed parts of the Saudi embassy in Tehran Saturday night before being cleared out by security forces, NPR’s Peter Kenyon reports.
GO Saudi Arabia And Iran: Here’s How Their Feud Could Escalate.
GO In a Middle East already aflame, a fresh feud between Saudi Arabia and Iran threatens to complicate almost every major issue from the Iranian nuclear deal to the Syrian civil war to global oil markets.
GO Donald Trump Goes ’Birther’ On Ted Cruz.
GO First Donald Trump took aim at rival Ted Cruz’s evangelical credentials.
GO Composer Pierre Boulez, A Revered Iconoclast, Has Died At 90.
GO Pierre Boulez, the French composer and conductor whose career spanned from the     War II era to the computer age, has died, according to the French culture ministry.
GO Hitler’s ’Mein Kampf’ Is Back In German Bookstores After 70 Years.
GO A reprint of Adolf Hitler’s notorious autobiography, Mein Kampf, or ”My Struggle,” is for sale in German bookstores today for the first time in 70 years.
GO David Bowie On The Ziggy Stardust Years: ’We Were Creating The 21st Century In 1971’.
GO It’s been more than 40 years since David Bowie created the   Ziggy Stardust and released the   album The Rise And Fall Of Ziggy Stardust And The Spiders From Mars.
GO OK, When Am I Supposed To Get A Mammogram?.
GO If you’re confused about when to start getting mammograms and how often you should be getting them, you’re not alone.
GO Self-Driving Cars Are Coming, But Are We Ready For Them?.
GO Our cars are getting smarter and smarter: They may help you park or switch lanes, dictate directions if you need them, link up with your phone to play your calls and music or make sure you stop before it’s too late.
GO 10 U.S. Sailors Held By Iran Are Freed.
GO Updated 5:20 a. m. ET Wednesday: Iranian state TV announced that all 10 U. S. sailors held since Tuesday in Iran have been freed.
GO Kim Davis To Attend Obama’s State Of The Union Address.
GO The Kentucky county clerk who went to jail over her refusal to issue marriage licenses to   couples will attend President Obama’s State of the Union address Tuesday night, a group supporting her announced.
GO Supreme Court Strikes Down Florida’s Process Of Imposing Death Penalty.
GO The U. S. Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that Florida’s process of allowing judges, not juries, to decide whether to impose the death penalty is unconstitutional.
GO 2016 Pritzker Prize Goes To Chilean Architect Alejandro Aravena.
GO The Pritzker Architecture Prize is often called the Nobel for architects, and this year’s winner is    Chilean designer Alejandro Aravena.
GO Goldman Sachs Will Pay $5 Billion To Settle Financial-Crisis Claims.
GO Goldman Sachs will pay about $5 billion to resolve state and federal investigations into its handling of   securities in the years leading up to the 2008 financial crisis, the bank said today.
GO The Failed Coup That Led To Hitler’s ’Mein Kampf’.
GO Years before he led the Nazis in the genocide of 6 million European Jews, Adolf Hitler staged a coup and spent several months in prison.
GO EPA’s Pruitt recuses himself from environmental lawsuits.
GO Washington (CNN) EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt is recusing himself from lawsuits he was previously involved in as attorney general of Oklahoma, including litigation over the   Clean Power Plan and Waters of the United States rule.
GO North Korea detains fourth US citizen .
GO Seoul, South Korea (CNN) North Korea has detained a US citizen on suspicion of ”hostile acts” against the regime, the   Korean Central News Agency reported Sunday.
GO Trump singles out historically black college funds in signing statement.
GO Washington (CNN) The White House pushed back Sunday on questions about a signing statement President Donald Trump added to the latest government spending bill Friday that said his administration would treat minority spending programs    including one to help historically black colleges pay for construction    in a manner consistent with the Constitution.
GO DC festival showcases political activism, music.
GO Washington (CNN) Nearly 10, 000 millennials gathered Saturday at a park in southeast Washington to celebrate political activism, healthy living and music at the 5th annual Broccoli City music festival, which punctuated a weeklong series of events driven by a concern for the   of urban communities under the Trump administration.
GO US Navy ship collides with Korean fishing boat .
GO Washington (CNN) A US   cruiser was struck by a South Korean fishing boat on Tuesday while the Navy warship was conducting operations in international waters near the Korean Peninsula, the Navy said.
GO Kellyanne Conway: Comey’s firing ’has nothing to do with Russia’.
GO Washington (CNN) White House senior adviser Kellyanne Conway said Tuesday that the firing of FBI Director James Comey doesn’t have anything to do with the current ongoing investigation into Russia’s interference into the 2016 election.
GO China to allow US beef exports after deal on trade issues with US.
GO Washington (CNN) A new trade deal will allow US beef and natural gas exports to flow into China while opening up the US market for cooked poultry and Chinese banks, the US Commerce Secretary announced Thursday.
GO Plane in Air Force One fleet was at risk of catching fire.
GO Washington (CNN) Three Boeing mechanics caused $4 million of damage and could have sparked a   fire while repairing one of the planes in the Air Force One fleet, a federal investigation has found.
GO Michelle Obama slams Trump on school meals.
GO Washington (CNN) Former first lady Michelle Obama expressed concern Friday over the Trump administration’s decision to scale back school meal nutritional requirements.
GO North Korea launches missile.
GO Seoul (CNN) North Korea launched a ballistic missile from the northwestern part of the country early Sunday, the South Korean Joints Chief of Staff said.
GO China’s new world order: Xi, Putin and others meet for Belt and Road Forum.
GO Belt and Road Forum, Beijing (CNN) China’s leaders are ringing in what they hope is a new world order at a major international conference in Beijing Sunday.
GO Investigators may have missed a chance to stop a serial killer in Arizona .
GO Phoenix (CNN) Could a suspected serial killer in Phoenix have been stopped after his first victim    and before he allegedly killed eight other people?
GO Clapper: US institutions ’under assault’ from Trump.
GO Washington (CNN) Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said Sunday that he thinks US institutions are under assault from President Donald Trump.
GO Rex Tillerson responds to John McCain’s criticism.
GO Washington (CNN) Secretary of State Rex Tillerson defended himself Sunday from criticism leveled at him by Sen. John McCain.
GO If the president says it, is it no longer classified?.
GO Washington (CNN) If President Donald Trump did indeed reveal highly classified information to the Russian foreign minister and Russian ambassador, many lawmakers said his actions are irresponsible and potentially dangerous.
GO Turkish security involved in DC protester assault .
GO Washington (CNN) Turkish security officials were involved in Tuesday’s assault of protesters against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan outside the Turkish ambassador’s residence in Washington, two law enforcement sources tell CNN.
GO Brazil’s President, accused of bribery, says he will not resign.
GO Rio de Janeiro (CNN) Brazil’s highest court opened an investigation into President Michel Temer on Thursday, after one of the country’s biggest newspapers accused him of paying a former Senate colleague hush money.
GO Second carrier to join US ships near Korean Peninsula.
GO Washington (CNN) The Navy aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan is now conducting training off the coast of Japan and is expected in the coming days to join the USS Carl Vinson in the region, putting two carriers in the vicinity of the Korean Peninsula, two US officials tell CNN.
GO Would the House need to re-vote on health care?.
GO Washington (CNN) The House’s health care bill, which passed earlier this month still hasn’t been sent to the Senate.
GO Sources: Russian officials bragged they could use Flynn to influence Trump.
GO Washington (CNN) Russian officials bragged in conversations during the presidential campaign that they had cultivated a strong relationship with former Trump adviser retired Gen. Michael Flynn and believed they could use him to influence Donald Trump and his team, sources told CNN.
GO Sources: White House lawyers research impeachment.
GO Washington (CNN) White House lawyers have begun researching impeachment procedures in an effort to prepare for what officials still believe is a distant possibility that President Donald Trump could have to fend off attempts to remove him from office, two people briefed on the discussions tell CNN.
GO Advice columnist fooled by question based on ‘Seinfeld’ plot.
GO An advice columnist in the US has been left   after failing to realize that a question from a reader was actually a plot from a famous “Seinfeld” episode.
GO Teen suspect is no longer a ‘one-armed bandit’.
GO The teen bandit whose arm was severed when he tried to   is no longer a   bandit, sources said Saturday.
GO Gang members indicted in string of Brooklyn ‘hunting expeditions’.
GO Over a dozen gang members have been indicted for a slew of shootings across Brooklyn and targeting rivals during “hunting expeditions,” authorities said on Wednesday.
GO For Democrats, special elections may be preview of 2018 campaigns.
GO       Democrats are heading into the homestretch of three special elections over the next month amid a national frenzy over the investigation into the possible connections of President Trump’s 2016 campaign and Russian interference in the election.
GO Protesting Notre Dame students walk out of Pence’s commencement speech.
GO           Some graduating seniors at the University of Notre Dame walked out of their own graduation ceremony to protest Vice President Pence when he began to deliver the commencement speech on Sunday morning.
GO Trump’s budget proposal aims to cut all federal funds from Planned Parenthood.
GO      President Trump’s 2018 budget proposal would bar Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers from receiving federal funds that help pay for   services for millions of Americans.
GO Ben Carson calls poverty ‘a state of mind’ during interview.
GO      In an interview released Wednesday, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson said that a ”certain mindset” contributes to people living in poverty, pointing to habits and a ”state of mind” that children take from their parents at a young age.
GO Trump administration warns tax receipts are coming in slowly, government could run out of cash sooner than expected.
GO           White House Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney on Wednesday said that tax receipts were coming in “slower than expected” and that the federal government could run out of cash sooner than it had thought.
GO Senate Intelligence Committee requests Trump campaign documents.
GO      The Senate Intelligence Committee, which is investigating Russian interference in the 2016 presidential race, has asked President Trump’s political organization to gather and produce all   documents, emails and phone records going back to his campaign’s launch in June 2015, according to two people briefed on the request.
GO Top White House officials unveiled series of contradictory messages on top priorities as Trump traveled abroad.
GO      As President Trump traveled on a whirlwind trip overseas this week, top officials in Washington unveiled a series of a contradictory messages on some of his highest priorities.
GO Ariana Grande announces a benefit concert: ‘I’ll be returning to the incredibly brave city of Manchester’.
GO      Four days after a suicide bombing left 22 dead and scores wounded at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England, the    pop singer has announced that she will return to the   city for another concert to benefit the victims and their families.
GO The Putin-Macron handshake the world was waiting for.
GO           As Russian President Vladimir Putin arrived at the Versailles Palace on Monday to meet Emmanuel Macron, the recently elected leader of France, all eyes were on the handshake.
GO A Texas Republican called ICE on protesters. Then lawmakers started to scuffle..
GO           Lawmakers scuffled on the floor of the Texas House of Representatives on Monday after a   Republican told Democrats that he called Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers on protesters in the House gallery.
GO Even Angela Merkel’s political rivals are on her side against Trump.
GO      As they campaign against each other ahead of national elections in September, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her chief political rival, Martin Schulz, find themselves united in opposition to President Trump.
GO An artist hated the ‘Fearless Girl’ statue – so he put this at her feet.
GO      For nearly three months, the “Fearless Girl” statue has stared down the “Charging Bull,” an iconic,     monument to “peace, strength, power and love,” according to the artist.
GO A 16-foot, 3,500-pound great white shark was tracked off the Atlantic coast over weekend.
GO      A    great white shark was tracked over the holiday weekend off the Delaware coast, experts said, and she has been seen recently in the waters off Chincoteague and Assateague islands in Virginia and Maryland.
GO Fact-checking President Trump’s claims on the Paris climate change deal.
GO      In his speech announcing his decision to withdraw from the Paris Accord on climate change, President Trump frequently relied on dubious facts and unbalanced claims to make his case that the agreement would hurt the U. S. economy.
GO These titans of industry just broke with Trump’s decision to exit the Paris accords.
GO           Thirty states and scores of companies said Thursday that they would press ahead with their climate policies and pursue lower greenhouse gas emissions, breaking sharply with President Trump’s decision to exit the historic Paris climate accord.
GO ‘Wonder Woman’ saves the day, in more ways than one.
GO        True to the heroine at its core, “Wonder Woman” arrives just in time to save the day on any number of fronts.
GO ‘He broke me’: A defiant, tearful Kathy Griffin slams attacks by Trump and his family.
GO           A defiant, tearful Kathy Griffin said Friday that she regretted making a photo of herself holding a mask that looked like President Trump’s bloody severed head, but she wasn’t going to stop criticizing the president or fighting for others to do so.
GO As Trump pushes school choice, Heritage wants to let 800K military kids use public dollars for private education.
GO      The conservative Heritage Foundation is pushing to allow 800, 000 military children to use federal tax dollars for private education, a proposal that comes as President Trump seeks to make good on his promise to dramatically expand school choice nationwide.
GO U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley: ‘President Trump believes the climate is changing’.
GO           President Trump, who has famously called climate change a “hoax,” does believe the climate is changing and that humans have a role in it, U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley told CNN’s Jake Tapper.
GO Bill Maher says he is ‘very sorry’ for using a racial slur on his HBO show.
GO      HBO   host Bill Maher apologized for using a racial slur during his Friday show that led to a firestorm of criticism, including from the cable network.
GO Kerry: Trump’s bid for a better climate deal is like O.J. Simpson’s search for the ‘real killer’.
GO   John Kerry: When Trump says he’ll negotiate better climate deal, it’s “like OJ Simpson saying he’s gonna go out & find the real killer” #MTP pic.
GO White House: Trump will not try to stop James Comey testimony by asserting executive privilege.
GO           President Trump will not attempt to stop former FBI director James B. Comey from testifying in a public hearing Thursday by asserting executive privilege, the White House said Monday.
GO Post-ABC poll: Nearly 6 in 10 oppose Trump scrapping Paris agreement.
GO           Most Americans oppose President Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement, with a majority saying the move will damage the United States’ global leadership, according to a new Washington   News poll.
GO Sean Spicer just settled it: We should all pay attention to Trump’s tweets.
GO           In one sentence Tuesday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer just eliminated any doubt you may have about whether the media should pay attention to President Trump’s tweets.
GO Would James Comey go to war with President Trump through the media?.
GO      President Trump is clearly worried that former FBI director James B. Comey is going to come after him, through the media.
GO 7 takeaways from Comey’s extraordinary testimony about what Trump told him to do.
GO           Fired FBI director James B. Comey’s testimony to the Senate Intelligence Committee about his conversations with President Trump on Russia can be summed up in one word: Newsworthy.
GO Keith Lamont Scott’s wife filmed as Charlotte police shot and killed her husband.
GO   Moments before a Charlotte, North Carolina, police officer shot and killed Keith Lamont Scott, his wife was on the scene recording the events as they unfolded.
GO Roger Stone Predicts GOP Will Create ’New, Noxious’ Rules at Convention to Steal Nomination from Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO Veteran political strategist Roger Stone tells Breitbart News executive chairman and SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon that even if GOP frontrunner Donald Trump clinches the 1, 237 delegates to win the nomination outright, the party will fight like wild to steal it from him by changing the the rules at the convention.
GO David Brooks: Trump’s Campaign Is ’Based on Bigotry’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” New York Times columnist David Brooks said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s campaign was “based on bigotry.
GO Rand Paul May Return To Main Debate Stage - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Rand Paul ( ) may return to the main debate stage stage this Thursday at the Fox News presidential debate.
GO Steven Van Zandt: ’Hamilton’ Cast Should Apologize to Mike Pence.
GO E Street Band guitarist Steven Van Zandt has called on the cast of the Broadway show Hamilton to apologize to Mike Pence for what he described as their “bullying” of the Vice   during a performance in New York City Friday night.
GO Palin To #NeverTrump: ‘You’re Either With Us Or You’re Against Us’ - Breitbart.
GO 2008 Vice Presidential nominee Sarah Palin blasted supporters of the #NeverTrump faction from a stage Friday in Denver for fueling Hillary Clinton’s path to victory with “dynamite” as she called them on the carpet, “You’re either with us or you’re against us.
GO Breitbart’s Klein: Broaddrick Rape Accusations Nearly Brought Me to Tears - Breitbart.
GO Aaron Klein, the weekend talk radio host who has been exclusively interviewing Bill Clinton’s famous sex accusers, says Juanita Broaddrick’s rape accusations nearly brought him to tears.
GO How To Set Up Feedly With Breitbart News - Breitbart.
GO This article will show you how to set up Breitbart News with Feedly so that Breitbart stories will appear in your feed.
GO More Young Adults Live With a Parent Than With a Spouse, Partner - Breitbart.
GO For the first time in more than 130 years of   young adults in the United States are more likely living with mom and dad than they are living with a spouse or partner.
GO CNN’s Camerota: There Wasn’t Line Between State Dept and Clinton Foundation That Clinton ’Said Was Going To Exist’ - Breitbart.
GO On Monday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,”   Alisyn Camerota stated that there wasn’t the bright line between the State Department and the Clinton Foundation “that Hillary Clinton had said was going to exist, or certainly the Obama administration had insisted upon when she went to the State Department.
GO The Energizer: Clinton Campaign Closely Monitored Reports About Bill Clinton’s Alleged Mistress - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton’s campaign closely monitored reports of Bill Clinton’s alleged mistresses, including rumors surrounding one woman nicknamed “The Energizer” who routinely visited his home.
GO Watch: CNN Cuts Away From DNC Protest Coverage to Show Boyz II Men - Breitbart.
GO During CNN’s coverage of the Democratic National Convention on Monday, the network cut away from a report on protests outside the convention to show the musical performance by Boyz II Men inside the convention.
GO Sanders: Trump Should Worry About Issues Instead of Bill Clinton’s Sex Life - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” while discussing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump going after his potential general election opponent Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton’s husband, Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said maybe Trump should worry about issues “rather than Bill Clinton’s sex life.
GO Limbaugh: Republican Establishment Will Vote for Hillary to Keep Power - Breitbart.
GO Monday on his radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh argued some Republicans would be willing to vote for Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton over the eventual GOP presidential nominee if that means holding on to their power.
GO Buchanan: ’Third World Is Invading the First World,’ If 12 Million Are In Country Illegal, ’You’ve Got An Invasion’ - Breitbart.
GO Columnist Pat Buchanan stated, “the Third World is invading the First World, part it coming through Mexico, up through Mexico into the United States” and “If you had 12 million who have walked into your country illegally and stay, or overstay their visas, you’ve got an invasion” on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group.
GO Oklahoma Legislators Pass Bill Outlawing Abortion.
GO Oklahoma legislators have approved a bill that would outlaw abortion and take away the medical licenses of physicians who perform abortions if signed into law.
GO WATCH LIVE: MILO SPEAKS AT AMERICAN UNIVERSITY - Breitbart.
GO After a week of chaos at American University over tonight’s event, Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos’ is finally getting ready to take the stage.
GO Local Police Academy Invites Colin Kaepernick to Visit.
GO A Bay Area police academy has invited San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick to visit, following his refusal to stand for the   Banner in protest at police violence in the black community.
GO Gore: We Should Abolish Electoral College, Popular Vote Would ’Stimulate Public Participation’ - Breitbart.
GO During a statement on Tuesday, former Vice President Al Gore argued that the Electoral College should be abolished in favor of a popular vote system.
GO Renzi: Italy ‘Cannot Handle Another Year’ of 155,000 Immigrants.
GO Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has issued a dire ultimatum, warning that Italy will not survive another year of mass immigration like the present one.
GO Venezuelan Parents Are Giving Away Their Children Due to Economic Crisis - Breitbart.
GO Local councils and national welfare groups in Venezuela have confirmed an increase in parents giving away their children due to the economic crisis ravaging the country.
GO Colorado House Passes Bill Eliminating Term ‘Illegal Alien’ - Breitbart.
GO Continuing a recent trend, the Colorado House of Representatives has passed a bill banning the term “illegal alien” and “alien” from state statute.
GO Glenn Beck ’Steamed Out of the Room’ When Donald Trump Crashed His Caucus Speech.
GO Glenn Beck was left “steamed” after Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump crashed his caucus speech at a Nevada high school Tuesday evening, where the talk radio host had been speaking in support of Sen. Ted Cruz.
GO Report: James Comey Went Against Loretta Lynch on Sending Letter to Congress.
GO FBI Director James Comey went against Attorney General Loretta Lynch’s advice on Friday when he sent a letter to Congress announcing that he is reopening the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server after new evidence was discovered, according to the New Yorker.
GO Marco Rubio: Obama Should Avoid Fidel Castro’s Funeral.
GO Senator Marco Rubio ( ) urged President Barack Obama not to send a United States representative to Cuban dictator Fidel Castro’s funeral, after news broke early Saturday morning that Castro had died.
GO Donald Trump: No Obama, Hillary Clinton Is Unfit for Office.
GO Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump responded to President Barack Obama’s assertion that he was “unfit” to hold the office of the presidency, pointing out Hillary Clinton’s failures.
GO ’Revenant’ Director Blasts Trump: Building a Wall Would ’Betray the Foundation’ of America - Breitbart.
GO The Revenant director Alejandro G. Inarritu took home the top prize at Saturday night’s Director’s Guild of America Awards and didn’t waste any time going after Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump, telling reporters in the press room that Trump’s plan to build a wall on the southern border “betrays the foundation” of America.
GO John Boehner Tried to Convince Scalia to Leave Court to be Bob Dole’s Running Mate - Breitbart.
GO Former House Speaker John Boehner ( ) once tried to convince Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia to abandon the Supreme Court to run as Sen. Bob Dole’s running mate in the 1996 presidential election.
GO Serena Williams: ’I Will Not Be Silent’ - Breitbart.
GO Serena Williams vows “I will not be silent” in a social media post addressing police shootings of African American men.
GO Donald Trump: Democrats ’Going to Slip Joe Biden In’ - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump suggested the Democrats are going to slip Vice President Joe Biden in as the Democrat’s nominee if Hillary Clinton isn’t able to run because of her email scandal.
GO Hugh Hewitt: GOP Should Change Convention Rules to Dump Trump - Breitbart.
GO Conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt suggests the Republican Party should change the rules ahead of the GOP National Convention so presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump can be replaced.
GO Hysteria As Farage Raises Spectre of Cologne Rape Scandal.
GO Britain’s mainstream media went into overdrive this weekend to accuse UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage of “scaremongering” and “outrageous claims” after he raised the spectre of the Cologne mass migrant rape scandal as well as major cultural clashes between migrants and the West.
GO Report: Record 64.7 Million U.S. Residents Speaking Foreign Language at Home - Breitbart.
GO A record    U. S. residents speak a foreign language at home, with the   languages including Arabic and Urdu, a new study reveals.
GO Trump: Sanders Should Tell His People To Stop, Not Me - ’My People Are Nice,’ ’We’ve Got to Fight Back’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump argued that Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) should tell “his people” to stop, “My people are nice” and his GOP rivals who have stated violence hasn’t occurred at their rallies “don’t have any people at their rallies” before stating “we’ve got to fight back” at a rally in Dayton, OH on Saturday.
GO Round Two: Hulk Hogan Sues Gawker Media ... Again! - Breitbart.
GO Despite having already been awarded $140 million in his original lawsuit against Gawker Media,   star Hulk Hogan isn’t done.
GO Trump: I’d ’Love’ to Have Ivanka, Jared Kushner ’Involved’ in My Administration - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of on “Fox News Sunday,”   Donald Trump said he would love to have his daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner “involved” in his administration.
GO Trump: Cruz ’Bromance’ Is Over - Breitbart.
GO After last night’s GOP debate in Charleston, SC, Republican presidential   Donald Trump declared to a group of reporters that his “bromance” with his opponent Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) was over, charging Cruz’s “aggressive” tack toward him was the indicator.
GO Why Republican National Convention Protests Failed.
GO Months of violent   protests across the country, a rash of Islamic terrorism across the world, and the racially motivated deaths of eight police officers in just the few weeks on the road into the Republican National Convention in Cleveland have been bloody, but the convention itself contained only minor skirmishes with the law.
GO Thailand: At Least One Dead, 10 Injured.
GO At least one person was killed and at least 12 others injured, including foreigners, when two bombs went off at a tourist hotspot in Thailand.
GO Jill Stein On Recount: We Had ’A Lot Of Hacking in This Election’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday on MSNBC, while discussing her attempts to initiate recounts of the presidential vote in the swing states of Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein said there was “a lot of hacking in this election” and said she want to make sure the vote was not “hacked,” so she is calling for a recount.
GO Barbra Streisand Says She Will Move to Australia If Trump Becomes President - Breitbart.
GO Add Barbra Streisand to the list of celebrities who will be moving out of the United States if Donald Trump is elected president in November.
GO 3 Girls Find Dead Body While Playing Pokemon Go in San Diego Park.
GO Three girls playing the popular game Pokémon Go found a dead body in a San Diego park on Thursday afternoon.
GO Brazil President to Christian Leaders: Mention Zika in Sermons.
GO President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff hosted a meeting among leaders of various Brazilian Christian denominations Tuesday, requesting they actively engage their congregation in awareness and prevention methods to combat the ongoing Zika epidemic in the region.
GO Dean: Biggest Help To Dems Will be ’Erratic’ Trump Scaring the ’Hell’ Out of People - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on MSNBC, former Vermont governor and DNC Chair Howard Dean said going forward the biggest help to the Democratic Party regaining power will be President Donald Trump, who he said “was going to be unbelievably erratic and scare the hell out of a lot of people who voted for him.
GO Romney: ’Good Reason To Believe That There’s a Bombshell In Donald Trump’s Taxes’ - Breitbart.
GO Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney stated that Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump, Texas Senator Ted Cruz, and Florida Senator Marco Rubio ought to release their taxes for “the last two years that have already been filed” and that there’s “good reason to believe that there’s a bombshell in Donald Trump’s taxes” on Wednesday’s “Your World with Neil Cavuto” on the Fox News Channel.
GO Police: Kidnapped Woman Called Husband, Daughter From Trunk of Car Before Her Death - Breitbart.
GO A woman who was kidnapped at a rest stop in Montana called her husband, her daughter and a police officer from the trunk of the car in which she was kidnapped and then taken to her death, police say.
GO Iranian Commander Threatens to Close Strait of Hormuz to U.S..
GO Iran’s Gen. Hossein Salami, the deputy commander of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard, declared on Iranian state television Wednesday that the Islamic Republic will close the Strait of Hormuz, a strategic oil transport channel, to the United States if the U. S. chooses to “threaten” it.
GO Guinea colonel accused of trafficking as police seize his ’private zoos’.
GO    Police in Guinea have arrested an army colonel on suspicion of animal trafficking and seized a menagerie of animals from two properties he owns that they described as private zoos, a senior officer said on Saturday.
GO ’I will protect you!’ Le Pen tells voters ahead of presidential election.
GO    leader Marine Le Pen on Monday sought to mobilise her supporters six days ahead of France’s most unpredictable presidential election in decades by pledging to suspend all immigration and shield voters from ”savage globalisation.” Opinion polls have for months shown Le Pen and centrist Emmanuel Macron qualifying next Sunday for the May 7   but the gap with conservative Francois Fillon and     Melenchon has been tightening.
GO Parkland Fuel to buy Chevron Canada’s downstream fuel business.
GO Parkland Fuel said it would acquire Chevron’s refining and marketing operations in Canada and pay an additional $186 million toward working capital for the acquired business.
GO 25 years after Los Angeles riots, progress and distrust live side by side.
GO    years after the acquittal of four Los Angeles police officers in the beating of black motorist Rodney King and the deadly riots that followed the verdict, an undercurrent of distrust pulses through a city that says it worked hard at police reform.
GO France’s Le Pen softens on timetable for dumping euro.
GO    French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen softened her stance on Saturday on a timetable for ditching the euro, a week before she faces off in the decisive second round of voting with   rival and favorite Emmanuel Macron.
GO A Day When Fashion and Tragedy Continue to Intersect - The New York Times.
GO Sunday morning, officially the fourth day of New York Fashion Week and one scheduled with    shows from some of the   designers, started on a somber note.
GO What to Cook This Week - The New York Times.
GO Sam Sifton emails readers of Cooking five days a week to talk about food and suggest recipes.
GO Elder Bush Plans to Vote for Hillary Clinton, a Kennedy Says - The New York Times.
GO Kathleen Kennedy Townsend, the eldest child of Robert F. Kennedy, said in a Facebook post on Monday that the elder President George Bush told her that he planned to vote for Hillary Clinton.
GO Houston Gunman With Nazi Emblem Injures 9 Before Being Killed by Police - The New York Times.
GO A lawyer wearing a military uniform with a Nazi emblem and armed with two guns and nearly 2, 600 rounds of ammunition opened fire on random   in Houston early Monday, injuring nine before he was killed by the police, the authorities said.
GO A Single Concussion May Have Lasting Impact - The New York Times.
GO A single concussion experienced by a child or teenager may have lasting repercussions on mental health and intellectual and physical functioning throughout adulthood, and multiple head injuries increase the risks of later problems, according to one of the largest, most elaborate studies to date of the impacts of head trauma on the young.
GO Ruth Bader Ginsburg Calls Colin Kaepernick’s National Anthem Protest ‘Dumb’ - The New York Times.
GO Ruth Bader Ginsburg, the Supreme Court justice who came under fire recently for lacerating comments about Donald J. Trump, has dropped another   remark about a different figure in the news: the N. F. L. football player Colin Kaepernick and his protest surrounding the national anthem.
GO YouTube Stars Say They Were Removed From Delta Flight for Speaking Arabic - The New York Times.
GO Two Muslim American YouTube stars who were returning home to New York after a world tour said they were removed from a Delta Air Lines flight in London on Wednesday after other passengers expressed discomfort with their presence on the plane.
GO Michael Skakel’s Murder Conviction Has Been Reinstated - The New York Times.
GO In the latest twist in a case that has been full of them, the Connecticut Supreme Court ruled on Friday that the murder conviction of Michael C. Skakel, who was found guilty in 2002 of bludgeoning a teenage neighbor with a golf club, should be reinstated.
GO Airbnb Ends Fight With New York City Over Fines - The New York Times.
GO Airbnb has capitulated to the demands of lawmakers over its operations in New York City, the company’s largest market in the United States, agreeing to drop a lawsuit in which it was pushing back against a newly passed state law that it said could have hurt its business.
GO New York City Has 5 Babies Born With Zika-Related Brain Issue - The New York Times.
GO At least four babies have been born in New York City with   brain developmental symptoms since July, the city’s health department said on Wednesday, bringing the total number of such births to five.
GO Craig Sager, Colorful N.B.A. Sideline Reporter, Dies at 65 - The New York Times.
GO Craig Sager, an exuberant sideline reporter for National Basketball Association television broadcasts who was as well known for his outlandishly garish outfits as for the questions he asked coaches and players, died on Thursday in Atlanta.
GO Platinum Hedge Fund Executives Charged With $1 Billion Fraud - The New York Times.
GO For years, the   New York hedge fund Platinum Partners stood out for   investment returns that rivaled some of the biggest names in the industry.
GO 2nd Avenue Subway Will Open on Jan. 1, M.T.A. Says - The New York Times.
GO After nearly a century of delays and disappointment, the first phase of the Second Avenue subway is finally opening to the public on Jan. 1, officials at the Metropolitan Transportation Authority said on Monday.
GO A Letter to the Doctors and Nurses Who Cared for My Wife - The New York Times.
GO After his    wife suffered a devastating asthma attack and later died, the Boston writer Peter DeMarco wrote the following letter to the intensive care unit staff of CHA Cambridge Hospital who cared for her and helped him cope.
GO Austin, Texas, Police: 1 Dead, 4 Injured After Downtown Shooting .
GO Two nearby but unrelated shooting incidents took place minutes apart, police say, amid the crowded entertainment district of Austin, Texas, in the early hours of Saturday morning.
GO Pitching A ’Clintonville’ Protest During The Democratic Convention.
GO As tens of thousands of politicians, party delegates and protesters swept through the City of Brotherly Love this week for the Democratic National Convention, dozens of homeless Philadelphians and    pitched tents on a grassy lot.
GO William Bratton To Step Down As New York City Police Commissioner .
GO New York City Police Commissioner William J. Bratton announced that he plans to step down next month, probably marking an end to a   career in public service.
GO WATCH: Khizr Khan Says Trump Should Have ’Patience And Tolerance For Criticism’.
GO Khizr Khan, whose speech at the Democratic National Convention about his slain son has garnered admiration from Democrats and some Republicans, but ire from Donald Trump, says the candidate needs to have ”patience and tolerance for criticism.” ”Him and I have [the] same equal rights.
GO President Obama: The Election Will Not Be ’Rigged’.
GO President Obama dismissed GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s comment this week that the election may be ”rigged” this year.
GO How Human Should A Gorilla Be?.
GO Wednesday night, the BBC documentary Koko: The Gorilla Who Talks premiered on U. S. TV.
GO U.S. Teenager Ginny Thrasher Wins The First Gold In Rio, In Air Rifle.
GO Ginny Thrasher, a   old from West Virginia University, took the first of the more than 300 gold medals that will be awarded at the Olympics in Brazil, winning the   air rifle on Saturday.
GO Russia’s Entire Paralympic Team Is Banned In Doping Scandal.
GO Russia’s entire Paralympic team is banned from next month’s Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro as part of the same doping scandal that also cost Russia a large part of its Olympic team.
GO Pa. Attorney General, Embroiled In Massive Political Scandal, Goes To Trial.
GO A giant political scandal in Pennsylvania is beginning a new chapter: Outgoing Attorney General Kathleen Kane heads to trial today over charges of, among other things, perjury and obstruction.
GO Suicide Bombing At Hospital In Pakistan Kills More Than 60 People.
GO Updated at 8 a. m. ET, A suicide bomber in the city of Quetta in western Pakistan has killed at least 63 people and injured more than 100 others.
GO Killing Me Sharply With Her Song: The Improbable Story Of Florence Foster Jenkins.
GO A new film starring Meryl Streep, which opens in the U. S. Friday, tells the improbable story of Florence Foster Jenkins, a   New York socialite who pronounced herself a coloratura soprano despite a distinct lack of talent.
GO Hear A Previously Unreleased Song From The White Stripes.
GO Jack White is sharing a previously unreleased White Stripes song called ”City Lights.” The song was originally written for the band’s 2005 album Get Behind Me Satan.
GO Ryan Lochte And 3 Other U.S. Swimmers Robbed At Gunpoint In Rio.
GO Ryan Lochte and three other U. S. swimmers were robbed by thieves who put a cocked gun to Lochte’s head in Rio de Janeiro early Sunday morning, the U. S. swimmer told NBC.
GO Monica Puig Makes Olympic History, Winning Puerto Rico’s First Gold Medal.
GO Puerto Rico now has its first Olympic gold medal, courtesy of tennis star Monica Puig, who beat Germany’s Angelique Kerber in the women’s singles tournament at Rio’s Summer Olympics on Saturday.
GO Maxwell And The 20-Year Friendship That Defines His Sound.
GO Since his 1996 album, Maxwell’s Urban Hang Suite, launched him to stardom and helped define the 1990s school known as ”neo soul,” Maxwell has spent two decades faithfully crafting his own unique brand of RB that explores emotional and spiritual needs alongside sensual ones.
GO Bobby Hutcherson, Jazz Vibraphone Modernist, Has Died.
GO Bobby Hutcherson, a vibraphonist whose improvising and composition helped to define modernity for jazz as a whole, has died.
GO Source: Trump To Receive First Intelligence Briefing Wednesday .
GO Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is expected to receive his first briefing from the intelligence community on Wednesday in New York, a source familiar with the plan tells NPR.
GO Australia, Papua New Guinea Agree To Close Refugee Detention Camp.
GO A widely criticized refugee detention camp on Manus Island will be shut down, Papua New Guinea and Australia announced Wednesday.
GO Family of Facebook homicide victim: We forgive accused shooter.
GO Cleveland (CNN) Through the tears, the family of an Ohio man whose killing was posted on Facebook on Sunday spoke of forgiving the alleged shooter even as a   manhunt for him intensified.
GO Turkey referendum: Erdogan declares victory.
GO Ankara (CNN) Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and the country’s prime minister have declared victory in a Sunday referendum designed to hand Erdogan sweeping powers.
GO UK Prime Minister Theresa May to seek early election.
GO London (CNN) British Prime Minister Theresa May has stunned the UK political world by calling for an early general election, seeking a stronger mandate in talks over leaving the European Union.
GO Sources: Mattis tells Hill Trump budget won’t rebuild military.
GO Washington (CNN) Defense Secretary James Mattis has privately told Congress the Trump administration’s Pentagon budget request isn’t sufficient to cover the cost of rebuilding the military as President Donald Trump has vowed to do, four sources familiar with the conversations told CNN.
GO 4 times in 4 days: Russian aircraft fly off US coast.
GO Washington (CNN) Russian military aircraft were spotted flying off the coast of Alaska for the fourth time in as many days, a spokesperson for the North American Aerospace Defense Command told CNN on Friday.
GO Sources: Russia tried to use Trump advisers to infiltrate campaign.
GO Washington (CNN) The FBI gathered intelligence last summer that suggests Russian operatives tried to use Trump advisers, including Carter Page, to infiltrate the Trump campaign, according to US officials.
GO Brain hats send message at March for Science.
GO Washington (CNN) Pink and gray brain hats dotted the crowds at the March on Science in Washington, becoming one of the symbols of the march’s message.
GO State Department removes Mar-a-Lago blog post.
GO Washington (CNN) The State Department has removed a blog post that touted President Donald Trump’s personally owned private Florida club,   .
GO North Korea threatens to sink US aircraft carrier .
GO Tokyo (CNN) North Korea on Sunday threatened to sink an American aircraft carrier that is beginning joint drills with two Japanese destroyers in the western Pacific Ocean.
GO FBI Director James Comey set to testify before Senate judiciary committee.
GO Washington (CNN) The Senate judiciary committee announced Wednesday that it has scheduled a hearing for May 3 with testimony from FBI Director James Comey.
GO Congressional caucus to present report on missing black girls.
GO Washington (CNN) A congressional caucus founded by three   women plans to present a report by the end of the year on how to solve the problem of missing black children nationwide.
GO White House considering order to withdraw from NAFTA.
GO Washington (CNN) The White House is considering withdrawing from NAFTA in the coming days, though President Donald Trump has not yet decided how to proceed, two senior administration officials confirmed to CNN Wednesday.
GO Simone Biles briefs Congress on the dangers of underage drinking.
GO Washington (CNN) Olympic gold medalist Simone Biles stopped by Capitol Hill on Thursday to talk about the dangers of underage drinking.
GO Melania Trump finds her way in her first 100 days.
GO Washington (CNN) First lady Melania Trump spent part of her Friday crafting at the Children’s National Health System in Washington, working with the children as they colored a floral coloring sheet with a pink marker and bonding with one girl who was celebrating a birthday.
GO By the numbers: How Trump stacks up after 100 days.
GO Washington (CNN) In his first 100 days, President Donald Trump has signed more bills into law than the previous five presidents and has signed more executive orders than any president since Harry Truman.
GO Trump to speak with Putin on Tuesday.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump is set to speak by phone with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday, their first call since Russia denounced a US military strike against Syria last month.
GO The FBI translator who went rogue and married an ISIS terrorist .
GO An FBI translator with a   security clearance traveled to Syria in 2014 and married a key ISIS operative she had been assigned to investigate, CNN has learned.
GO Sources: Former Acting AG Yates to contradict administration about Flynn at hearing.
GO Washington (CNN) Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates is prepared to testify before a Senate panel next week that she gave a forceful warning to the White House regarding   Security Advisor Michael Flynn nearly three weeks before he was fired, contradicting the administration’s version of events, sources familiar with her account tell CNN.
GO DeMint officially ousted at Heritage Foundation.
GO Washington (CNN) Jim DeMint has been officially ousted as the president of The Heritage Foundation, one of the leading conservative think tanks.
GO 19 things Ivanka Trump wants you to know, per her new book.
GO Washington (CNN) Ivanka Trump’s   book aimed at helping millennial working women define success in their careers and lives, titled ”Women Who Work,” came out Tuesday.
GO Madeleine Albright says Trump shouldn’t meet with Kim Jong Un.
GO Washington (CNN) Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright chastised President Donald Trump for saying he’d be ”honored” to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
GO House to vote Thursday on Obamacare repeal bill.
GO Washington (CNN) The House will vote Thursday on the Republican bill to repeal and replace Obamacare, setting up a dramatic moment that could give President Donald Trump the significant legislative victory he’s been seeking.
GO NJ comic’s movie bit part backfires, results in gun charge.
GO A New Jersey comic isn’t laughing after a bit part in a low budget movie backfired, and saw him charged with weapons violations for packing a replica gun during a scene.
GO At least 60 boarding school students sick after suspected norovirus outbreak.
GO     Classes at a boys’ boarding school have been cancelled after a suspected norovirus outbreak left about 60 students sick.
GO Restaurant owner charged with harboring illegal immigrants after deadly house fire.
GO     Federal officials charged a suburban Detroit restaurant owner and his wife Friday with harboring immigrants who were in the U. S. without legal permission after a fire at a house he owned killed five employees about two weeks earlier.
GO Mississippi officer killed after standoff, suspect dead.
GO     A Mississippi Bureau of Narcotics law enforcement officer assigned to a SWAT team was killed early Saturday after an   standoff in rural north Mississippi ended in gunfire, authorities said.
GO 2 New York City police officers shot in Brooklyn.
GO     Two New York City police officers were wounded in a shootout early Saturday with a suspect who crashed his car into a police vehicle.
GO Lady Gaga joined by sexual assault survivors during Oscars performance.
GO Lady Gaga made a powerful statement about sexual assault at the Oscars, belting out her nominated tune from “The Hunting Ground,” a documentary about rape on college campuses.
GO Senior Clinton aide maintained top secret clearance amid email probe, letters show.
GO   A senior Hillary Clinton aide has maintained her top secret security clearance despite sending information now deemed classified to the Clinton Foundation and to   of State Clinton’s private unsecured email account, according to congressional letters obtained by Fox News.
GO Former Miss America contestant Cara McCollum dies after car crash.
GO A former Miss America contestant died early Monday, a week after her car spun off a New Jersey highway and crashed into trees.
GO Pat Conroy, author of ’Prince of Tides,’ dies at 70.
GO Pat Conroy, the beloved author of ”The Great Santini” and ”The Prince of Tides” and other   who drew upon his bruising childhood and the vistas of South Carolina and became one of the country’s most compelling and popular storytellers, died Friday evening.
GO Coast Guard searching for man who fell off ship near Florida.
GO     The Coast Guard is searching for a Texas man who fell from a Royal Caribbean cruise ship off the coast of Key Largo, Florida.
GO NASCAR stars react to Miesha Tate’s win at UFC 196.
GO     With NASCAR racing in Las Vegas this weekend, several of the sport’s stars turned out for UFC 196, where Miesha Tate took out Holly Holm with a   choke hold.
GO FOX NEWS TOWN HALL: Sanders, Clinton in Michigan battle over auto bailout; Clinton unveils free tuition plan.
GO     Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders laid out some of their key differences Monday in a Fox News Channel town hall event in Michigan    including Clinton springing a surprise alternative to Sander’s      plan.
GO Bloomberg will not enter 2016 presidential race.
GO     Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Monday that he will not enter the 2016 White House race.
GO Nancy Reagan funeral plans announced.
GO     The funeral for former first lady Nancy Reagan will be held on Friday at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, California, the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation announced Monday.
GO Tennis star Maria Sharapova says she failed drug test.
GO     Tennis star Maria Sharapova says she failed a drug test at the Australian Open.
GO Charity watchdog reportedly places Wounded Warrior Project on its watch list.
GO     The Wounded Warrior Project, the charity for wounded veterans, has been placed on Charity Navigator’s watch list over accusations of using donor money toward excessive spending on conferences and parties instead of on recovery programs, according to CBS News.
GO Convicted murderer and another violent inmate escape New Mexico prison van.
GO     Authorities searched Thursday for a convicted murderer and another violent inmate who corrections officials said escaped while being transported to a New Mexico prison.
GO North Korea lost a submarine, defense officials say.
GO     North Korea has a missing submarine, two defense officials told Fox News Friday.
GO Judge: 17-year-olds can vote in Ohio presidential primary.
GO     A judge on Friday granted a request to let    vote in the swing state’s presidential primary just days before the election.
GO Giuliani’s efforts to end Turkish banker case were ‘appropriate’: lawyer.
GO Former ​Big Apple ​Mayor Rudy Giuliani has done nothing wrong in his attempts to seek “a diplomatic solution” to end the case of a Turkish trader accused of violating US sanctions against Iran, a lawyer for the trader said ​in court Tuesday.
GO German soccer team’s bus attacked with ‘serious’ explosives.
GO A bus carrying an elite German soccer team to a game was attacked by “serious explosive devises” that injured at least one player Tuesday, police said.
GO VA secretary: Disney doesn’t measure wait times, so why should VA?.
GO     Veterans Affairs Secretary Robert McDonald on Monday compared the length of time veterans wait to receive health care at the VA to the length of time people wait for rides at Disneyland, and said his agency shouldn’t use wait times as a measure of success because Disney doesn’t either.
GO Trump easily wins Washington primary, moves closer to securing GOP nomination.
GO     Facing no active opposition, Donald Trump easily won the Republican presidential primary in Washington state Tuesday, inching him closer to the magic number of 1, 237 delegates necessary to wrap up the GOP nomination.
GO Russian attack helicopters destroyed in Syria; US officials say ’accident’ to blame.
GO     The Russian military suffered a setback in Syria when fires destroyed four   attack helicopters last week, but U. S. officials tell Fox News the intelligence community believes it was an ”accident,” not an Islamic State terror attack.
GO Baylor football players received little to no discipline for alleged violent incidents, report says.
GO     An examination of Waco police records over a   period found more allegations of violent incidents involving Baylor football players who were not charged, appeared to face little or no discipline from the team even though coaches and administrators knew about the allegations and that some documents were shielded from public view by officers, ESPN reported Wednesday.
GO New satellite imagery shows Chinese drone on contested island.
GO   New satellite imagery obtained by Fox News shows that China, for the first time, has deployed a drone with stealth technology to a contested island in the South China Sea, in another sign of escalating tensions in the region.
GO ’Game on’: Trump, Sanders say willing to debate before California primary.
GO     Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said Wednesday he would be happy to take on Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders in a debate before the California primary    a challenge Sanders swiftly accepted.
GO Pennsylvania HS offers refund over Hitler, ISIS leader and Stalin quotes in yearbook.
GO     Families at one Pennsylvania high school are being offered a yearbook refund after three quotes used in the book were attributed to the head of ISIS, Hitler and Stalin.
GO THE MAN WHO SOLD THE RIGHT, PART THREE: Donald Trump and the assimilation of behavior.
GO     Editor’s note: Click here to read Part 1 of ”THE MAN WHO SOLD RIGHT    The Donald Trump story.” Click here to read Part 2 of ”THE MAN WHO SOLD RIGHT    The Donald Trump story”.
GO 50,000 civilians reportedly trapped inside Fallujah as Iraqi forces surround ISIS stronghold.
GO     Over 50, 000 civilians are reportedly trapped inside   Fallujah as Iraqi forces surround the town and prepare for an   assault on one of the militant’s last major strongholds in the country.
GO At least 35 arrested after Trump rally in San Diego.
GO     At least 35 people were arrested Friday as confrontations between protesters and authorities boiled over following a rally from the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in San Diego, police said.
GO North Carolina police department pulls out of Republican National Convention.
GO     A North Carolina police department backed out of sending 50 police officers to the Republican presidential convention in Cleveland in June over concerns about whether the city is prepared to host an event that is expected to bring at least 50, 000 visitors to northeast Ohio.
GO Sanders: Americans, superdelegates must ’take a hard look’ at IG report on Clinton emails.
GO     Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders said Sunday that American voters, superdelegates and others must “take a hard look” at the recent federal report that found primary rival Hillary Clinton’s email setup while running the State Department broke agency rules.
GO 2 suspects arrested in shooting of Georgia sheriff’s deputy.
GO     Two suspects have been arrested after a sheriff’s deputy was shot in the face during a traffic stop on a Georgia interstate, according to a report Sunday.
GO Death certificates provide new clues in case of murdered Ohio family.
GO     A coroner has filed death certificates for the eight murdered members of an Ohio family that contain new clues for investigators working to solve the crimes.
GO 3 dead, 6 missing after Army tactical vehicle swept away in floodwaters near Fort Hood.
GO     Three soldiers were killed, three others injured and six were missing after a US Army truck was swept from a   crossing and overturned in a swollen creek at Fort Hood, Texas on Thursday.
GO Air Force jet crashes after flyover at Colorado Obama speech.
GO     The pilot of a U. S. Air Force Thunderbird that crashed following a flyover met with President Barack Obama shortly safely ejecting safely into a Colorado field.
GO San Jose protesters attack Trump supporters with punches, eggs.
GO     Protesters attacked Donald Trump supporters on the sidelines of a San Jose rally Thursday night, in a raucous scene where a dozen or more people were punched and at least one woman was pelted with an egg.
GO Secret Service agent’s book claims Clinton has ’volcanic’ leadership style.
GO     An   Service officer’s forthcoming book on Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton reportedly claims she has a “volcanic” leadership style and lacks the ”temperament” to hold office    the same charge the candidate leveled last week at Donald Trump.
GO DOJ lawyer who defended ObamaCare to step down.
GO     U. S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli, the lawyer who successfully defended the Affordable Care Act before the Supreme Court, is stepping down from his position.
GO Rare cache of silver coins discovered in Israel.
GO     If you’re the person who stashed a cache of silver coins in a rock crevice near Modi’in in Israel, we have great news.
GO Huffington Post writer defends ’violent resistance’ against Donald Trump.
GO     A writer for the Huffington Post is defending his recent   that ”a violent response” is the “logical” approach to stopping presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump.
GO Who can woo Sanders’ supporters? .
GO     While he hasn’t yet thrown in the towel, Bernie Sanders’   campaign to bring ”revolution” to the White House has about hit a wall    which means the mad scramble for his millions of supporters has begun.
GO 19 Yazidi girls burned alive for refusing to have sex with their ISIS captors.
GO     Nineteen Iraqi Yazidi girls who refused to have sex with their Islamic State captors were placed in iron cages and burned alive in front of a crowd of hundreds in Mosul on Thursday, activists and witnesses say.
GO Orlando police identify gunman who killed ’Voice’ contestant Christina Grimmie.
GO     Orlando police Saturday identified the man who shot and killed ’Voice’ star singer Christina Grimmie, later turning the gun on himself, while she was interacting with fans following a Friday concert.
GO Trump’s no-apologies campaign tour hits hard on Romney, Warren.
GO     Donald Trump on Saturday kicked his unapologetic presidential campaign into high gear    saying he won’t apologize for his personal attacks on Sen. Elizabeth Warren and extending his feud with GOP establishment leader Mitt Romney.
GO Federal prosecutors convene grand jury to investigate wife of Orlando massacre gunman, source says.
GO     Federal prosecutors have convened a grand jury to investigate the wife of the Orlando nightclub shooter, seeking to charge her as an accessory to 49 counts of murder and 53 counts of attempted murder as well as with failure to notify law enforcement about the pending terrorist attack and lying to federal agents, a federal law enforcement source confirmed Tuesday to FoxNews.
GO Virginia Rep. Forbes loses primary, victim of redrawn map.
GO     U. S. Rep. Randy Forbes was the first casualty of a newly redrawn Virginia congressional map Tuesday, as he lost a   primary against a young challenger who painted Forbes as a ”cowardly” political opportunist.
GO 1 dead, 19 injured in tour bus rollover outside Washington, DC.
GO     One person was killed and 19 were injured after a tour bus overturned on the George Washington Parkway southeast of Washington D. C. on Tuesday afternoon, police said.
GO Body of 2-year-old boy snatched by alligator recovered, sheriff confirms.
GO     Dive teams on Wednesday afternoon recovered the body of a toddler snatched by an alligator in a Disney World lagoon, the Orange County sheriff confirmed.
GO Feds zero in on Orlando terrorist’s widow as she drops out of sight.
GO     Federal investigators continued Wednesday to methodically retrace Orlando terrorist Omar Mateen’s recent activities and contacts, while zeroing in on his wife, who may have known about her husband’s evil plan well before he burst into a gay nightclub in Orlando and killed 49 people.
GO Errors, inexperience cited in Navy SEAL parachute death.
GO     A Navy investigation into last year’s death of a SEAL during parachute training has cited errors made by supervisors as well as the relative inexperience of the    man who was killed.
GO Illegal immigrant charged with murder in California fire had prior arrests, was never deported.
GO     The suspect charged with murder in connection with a vacant building fire in Los Angeles was in the United States illegally and had a string of arrests to his name    but the feds never deported him, officials said Friday.
GO Clinton reportedly vetting Warren as she narrows down VP list.
GO     Hillary Clinton is reportedly vetting Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren as a potential running mate, as the presumptive Democratic nominee narrows her VP   down to about five people ahead of the Democratic convention in Philadelphia.
GO Orlando gunman reportedly was at club hours before committing massacre.
GO     Omar Mateen, the gunman who murdered 49 people at an Orlando, Fla. nightclub, reportedly was at the club and left before returning to commit his atrocity.
GO Florida boy asks to pray with police officers after eating breakfast.
GO A young diner in St. Petersburg, Fla. asked a group of police officers to pray with him after enjoying breakfast with his mother on Monday.
GO Trump camp scrambles to shape up before GOP convention.
GO     Republicans are sprinting to shape up Donald Trump’s presidential campaign before the party’s national convention in three weeks, even as leading members of the party carry a deep antipathy or outright opposition to his claim on the GOP nomination.
GO Morgan Stanley sales contest raises conflict-of-interest concerns.
GO Morgan Stanley, the Wall Street goliath run by Chief Executive James Gorman, appears to have promoted conflicts of interest in a questionable sales contest that pushed some of their riskiest loans on their richest clients, The Post has learned.
GO Kate Upton savages Cy Young voters: Only ‘I f–k Verlander’.
GO Kate Upton went to bat for her   fiancé, Justin Verlander, in a hilarious and profane tweet in which she claimed the pitcher was robbed of the American League Cy Young Award.
GO How to Stop Clinton and Trump.
GO Can Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump get knocked off their respective monorails to the Democrat and Republican nominations?
GO ‘Trump Blocked the Sun’.
GO ‘Trump blocked out the sun for seven months.
GO Donald Trump: How to Fight Him.
GO Both Donald Trump and his opponents are up against the constraints of time.
GO How Ted and Marco Can Save the GOP and the Country.
GO For the past four years, there have been four conservative Tea Party senators who have, each in their own way, worked together for the good of the country: Mike Lee, Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, and Marco Rubio.
GO Is the Climate Crusade Stalling?.
GO The Supreme Court’s stay of the EPA’s sweeping Clean Power Plan (CPP) is one of several developments undermining the efforts of President Obama and his fellow climate zealots.
GO Is the GOP Worth Saving?.
GO Last night’s debate underscores this truth: The GOP is disintegrating.
GO Protect Them Both, Love Them Both.
GO ‘There might have been some slim hope of reviving Mrs. Mongar.
GO Yes, a Contested Convention Is Legitimate.
GO For the first time in four decades, Republicans face the real possibility of a contested convention.
GO <i>Breitbart</i> Editor: ‘Corey Lewandowski Is a Thug, and Donald Trump Is a Thug for Backing Him’.
GO An    for Breitbart, Ben Shapiro, is calling for Donald Trump to fire his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, after the latter was accused of violently restraining Shapiro’s colleague, Michelle Fields, during a recent Trump rally.
GO How a Trump/Clinton Alternative Could Win in the Fall.
GO In USA Today, Randy Barnett has written a sobering assessment of the dangers of a Donald Trump presidency and proposed that if Trump wins the Republican nomination, a Constitutional party should form as an alternative “that can attract principled conservatives, but also any American who is tired of crony capitalism, runaway government, and rule by an    political class.
GO The GMO-Labeling Lobby Takes Its Fight to the U.S. Senate.
GO The U. S. Senate is on the verge of settling the nation’s fiercest food fight: GMO labeling.
GO Remembering Bob and Ray.
GO Robert Brackett Elliott, the Bob of Bob and Ray, died last month.
GO Will Kasich Be the Decider?.
GO If, six months ago, you had told even the most casual political observer that John Kasich would outlast Marco Rubio on the campaign trail, he would have looked at you like you had three heads.
GO Media: You’re All <i>Breitbart</i>.
GO The political press was rightly outraged over the alleged manhandling of a Breitbart News reporter at the hands of Donald Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski.
GO Why There Will Be No Trump Landslide in November.
GO Quite a few Donald Trump fans are convinced that their man would beat Hillary Clinton resoundingly in a general election, carrying a slew of blue states where Republicans aren’t generally competitive in general elections.
GO Witnessing Genocide in Iraq.
GO This morning, after initial reports that he might ignore a congressionally mandated deadline, Secretary of State John Kerry did the right thing and acknowledged what has become a global consensus: that ISIS is perpetrating a genocide against Christians and other religious minorities in Iraq and Syria and other countries in the region.
GO College Op-Ed: St. Patrick’s Day Partying Is Cultural Appropriation.
GO According to a piece in the Concordian, Concordia College’s official student newspaper, St. Patrick’s Day partying can amount to “subtle cultural appropriation,” and people should be very careful about how they celebrate it.
GO The GOP <I>Should</I> Steal the Nomination from Trump.
GO Donald Trump booster and radio   host Laura Ingraham recently urged the GOP’s remaining candidates to avoid a “bloodbath” at the Republican National Convention.
GO Q&A: David Axelrod on Why Marco Rubio Wasn’t Barack Obama 2.0.
GO In 2008, David Axelrod engineered what many political experts consider to be the greatest presidential campaign in the modern history of the United States, navigating Barack Obama, then a senator, through a difficult   Democratic primary before ultimately defeating Senator John McCain in the general election.
GO Cruz Must Be the Anti-Trump.
GO Is there any way for Ted Cruz or John Kasich to wrest the Republican nomination from Donald Trump?
GO Why the Future Will Disappoint.
GO Presidential campaigns incite both hypochondria and euphoria, portraying the present as grimmer than it is and the future as grander than it can be.
GO Supreme Court to Friedrichs: Until We Meet Again.
GO Today the United States Supreme Court issued its decision in Friedrichs v. California Teachers Association.
GO Hillary Clinton Says Donald Trump Is Not Qualified to Be President - The New York Times.
GO Hillary Clinton declared herself the Democratic Party’s presidential nominee on Thursday and, looking to the fall election, said that her likely Republican rival, Donald J. Trump, was not qualified to be president.
GO Vito Acconci, an Artist as Influential as He Is Eccentric - The New York Times.
GO In the late 1960s, the artist Vito Acconci wandered into a movie theater near Times Square hoping to catch an art film and was confused to see a group of   musicians take the stage.
GO Here She Is: The Ugliest Dog in the World (2016) - The New York Times.
GO In the World’s Ugliest Dog Contest, where there were more beasts than beauties, it was hard to beat a wrinkled,   bony Chinese crested Chihuahua named Sweepee Rambo.
GO Tim Kaine Says Hillary Clinton Has Learned From Email ‘Mistake’ - The New York Times.
GO Hillary Clinton will be “real transparent” with Americans after learning lessons from the controversy over her use of a private email server, her running mate, Tim Kaine, said on Sunday, expressing optimism that she could improve her trust deficit with voters over the next month.
GO Southwest Flight Evacuated After Samsung Phone Catches Fire, Airline Says - The New York Times.
GO A Southwest Airlines flight scheduled to leave Louisville, Ky. on Wednesday morning was evacuated on the runway after a passenger’s Samsung cellphone caught fire, passengers and the airline said.
GO Donald Trump Is Said to Intend to Keep a Stake in His Business - The New York Times.
GO   Donald J. Trump is considering formally turning over the operational responsibility for his real estate company to his two adult sons, but he intends to keep a stake in the business and resist calls to divest, according to several people briefed on the discussions.
GO A Charity Auction for Coffee With Ivanka Trump Appears to Be Canceled - The New York Times.
GO In other transition news: ■ A   auction for coffee with the future first daughter Ivanka Trump appears to have been canceled, as criticism mounted that the Trumps were selling access.
GO Zsa Zsa Gabor, Actress Famous for Her Glamour (and Her Marriages), Dies at 99 - The New York Times.
GO Zsa Zsa Gabor, the Hungarian actress whose   glamour and   marriages to millionaires put a luster of American celebrity on a long but only modestly successful career in movies and television, died on Sunday in Los Angeles.
GO Muhammad Ali Dies at 74: Titan of Boxing and the 20th Century - The New York Times.
GO Muhammad Ali, the   world heavyweight boxing champion who helped define his turbulent times as the most charismatic and controversial sports figure of the 20th century, died on Friday in a   hospital.
GO Michael Hubbard, Alabama House Speaker, Is Convicted on 12 Felony Ethics Charges - The New York Times.
GO Michael G. Hubbard, the speaker of the Alabama House of Representatives, whose   approach to politics propelled the Republican Party to dominance in his state, was convicted Friday on 12 felony ethics charges, leaving him stripped of power and facing the possibility of decades in prison.
GO Mary J. Blige says ex-husband threatened to ‘destroy’ her.
GO Anyone searching for the 411 on Mary J. Blige’s divorce from her husband and manager Martin “Kendu” Isaacs won’t need to dig too hard.
GO Yahoo to add four directors to board in deal with Starboard.
GO The agreement shows Yahoo’s board and management team were under pressure from major shareholders to settle the battle, and that Starboard was willing to set aside its plan for board control in favor of immediate director seats inside the struggling Internet company.
GO China April official factory activity expands but at slower pace.
GO BEIJING   Activity in China’s manufacturing sector expanded for the second month in a row in April but only marginally, an official survey showed on Sunday, raising doubts about the sustainability of a recent   in the world’s   economy.
GO Some Atlantic City investors bet on bailout from New Jersey.
GO    Atlantic City is drowning in financial uncertainty, but some investors in the   New Jersey gambling hub are betting on one possible outcome above all others: a state bailout.
GO Uber, Lyft halt Austin service after losing vote over fingerprint checks.
GO    ride companies Uber and Lyft suspended their services in Austin, Texas, on Monday after a stinging loss in a weekend vote where they had spent heavily to repeal a city ordinance requiring them to conduct fingerprint background checks for their drivers.
GO Commentary: Handicapping Saudi Arabia’s audacious plan to save itself.
GO When Saudi Arabia’s King Salman replaced his oil minister and reshuffled his cabinet on Saturday, he did so with the goal of executing an audacious plan to transform the country’s economy.
GO Police Official Found Dead on Long Island, and Suicide Is Suspected - The New York Times.
GO A New York City police official was found dead on Friday in a car on Long Island, where he is believed to have shot himself, the authorities said.
GO ‘I Can Watch It on TV’: Excuses for Republicans Skipping a Donald Trump Convention - The New York Times.
GO A wave of prominent Republicans have announced their intention to skip the party’s national convention in Cleveland this summer, the latest sign that Donald J. Trump, who last week secured the delegates needed to clinch the Republican presidential nomination, continues to struggle in his effort to unite the party behind his candidacy.
GO Maria Sharapova Is Suspended From Tennis for Two Years - The New York Times.
GO Maria Sharapova, a   Grand Slam champion and one of the world’s   female athletes, was suspended for two years Wednesday when an International Tennis Federation tribunal ruled that she unintentionally committed a doping violation.
GO Bernie Sanders Is Expected to Endorse Hillary Clinton Next Week - The New York Times.
GO After three weeks of private preparations, Senator Bernie Sanders is expected to endorse Hillary Clinton on Tuesday at a campaign event in New Hampshire, according to three Democrats who have been involved in the planning.
GO Sydney H. Schanberg Dies at 82 Times Reporter Chronicled Khmer Rouge Terror - The New York Times.
GO Sydney H. Schanberg, a correspondent for The New York Times who won a Pulitzer Prize for covering Cambodia’s fall to the Khmer Rouge in 1975 and inspired the film “The Killing Fields” with the story of his Cambodian colleague’s survival during the genocide of millions, died on Saturday in Poughkeepsie, N. Y.
GO How the Poll Was Conducted - The New York Times.
GO The latest New York   News Poll is based on telephone interviews conducted July 8 to 12 with 1, 600 adults throughout the United States.
GO Antidoping Officials Are Expected to Ask That Russia Be Barred From Rio Olympics - The New York Times.
GO Antidoping officials from at least 10 nations and 20 athlete groups are preparing the extraordinary step of requesting that the entire Russian delegation be barred from the Summer Olympics over allegations of a   doping program, according to email correspondence obtained by The New York Times.
GO Google CEO to meet with EU antitrust chief on Friday.
GO Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai will meet in Brussels with EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager and Guenther Oettinger, European Commissioner for Digital Economy and Society, as the final stop in a short tour of the continent, spokespeople for Google and the EU confirmed.
GO AOL to cut 500 jobs, mostly in corporate units: source.
GO Most of the cuts will be in corporate units, including human resources, finance, marketing and communications, while resources will be shifted to AOL’s mobile, video and data businesses, the source said.
GO Fidelity Investments’ longtime Chairman Johnson to retire.
GO    Fidelity Investments Chairman Edward C. Johnson III will retire next month and will be succeeded by his daughter, Abigail Johnson, the company said on Monday.
GO One in three child migrants missing after Calais Jungle closure: charity.
GO LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation)   Nearly one in three migrant children tracked by a refugee charity have gone missing since the ”Jungle” camp in the northern French town of Calais was dismantled in October, the organization said on Wednesday.
GO More Rohingyas flee to Bangladesh as violence spreads in Myanmar.
GO COX’S BAZAR, Bangladesh More Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar poured into neighboring Bangladesh this week, with some feared to have drowned after a boat sank during a bid to flee violence that has killed at least 86 people and displaced 30, 000.
GO Jimmy Fallon to host the 74th Golden Globes.
GO Jimmy Fallon, host of NBC’s The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, is to host the 2017 Golden Globes ceremony on 8 January 2017.
GO US economy added only 156,000 jobs in September.
GO The US economy added only 156, 000 jobs in September, the US Department of Labor announced on Friday, a figure likely to be seized on as the presidential race enters its final stretch.
GO Obama administration denies secret loopholes in Iran nuclear agreement.
GO The Obama administration has insisted that the terms of a nuclear agreement signed last year with Iran were being upheld after a Washington think tank alleged that Tehran had been granted secret exemptions.
GO Half a million hoverboards recalled due to fires, explosions and injuries.
GO More than 500, 000 hoverboards are being recalled after some of the motorized scooters overheated, burned riders and damaged property.
GO Dennis Byrd, former New York Jets star, killed at age of 50.
GO Dennis Byrd the former NFL defensive lineman who became known for recovering from a neck injury that nearly paralyzed him, was killed in a car accident on Saturday at the age of 50.
GO Jürgen Klinsmann out as US soccer coach, Arena favored as successor.
GO Jürgen Klinsmann’s reign as coach of the United States men’s team is over, with US Soccer announcing his departure on Monday.
GO Complex life on Earth began billion years earlier than previously thought, study argues.
GO A claim by researchers that complex life on Earth may have evolved a billion years earlier than previously thought has immediately divided scientists in the field, with some hailing the evidence as   and others unconvinced.
GO Roger Ailes is not coaching Donald Trump for debate, campaign says.
GO Donald Trump’s campaign has denied multiple reports that disgraced Fox News creator Roger Ailes has been brought in to help the candidate prepare to face Hillary Clinton on the debate stage next month.
GO Robert Vaughn, star of TV’s The Man from UNCLE, dies aged 83.
GO Actor Robert Vaughn, star of the 1960s US TV spy series The Man from UNCLE, died on Friday at the age of 83 after a short battle with cancer.
GO More than 30 people fall ill in apparent mass drug overdose in New York.
GO At least 33 people were hospitalized on Tuesday from an apparent mass drug overdose of synthetic marijuana, in an area of New York City where the drug is said to be used at “epidemic” levels.
GO California wildfire fills LA with smoke after a dozen homes destroyed.
GO An unpredictable wildfire that destroyed more than a dozen houses filled skies north of Los Angeles with smoke on Monday after driving thousands from their homes.
GO The 93-year-old Englishwoman who is the rock star of Mexican cooking.
GO Over the past five decades, Diana Kennedy has received countless accolades for her pioneering food writing, but being called the Mick Jagger of Mexican cooking is the one that tickled her most.
GO British second world war shipwrecks in Java Sea destroyed by illegal scavenging.
GO Three British ships and a US submarine that sank in the Java Sea during the second world war have been destroyed by illegal scrap metal scavengers, the Guardian can reveal.
GO SeaWorld shares sink to record low as attendance keeps falling.
GO SeaWorld shares sank to a record low on Thursday after the controversial aquatic theme park company reported further falls in attendance and profits.
GO Phil Chess, Chess Records co-founder, dies aged 95.
GO Phil Chess,   of a Chicago’s Chess Records, the label that amassed the most influential blues catalogue and has been credited with helping to invent rock’n’roll, has died at home in Tuscon, Arizona.
GO New York’s whales to be studied for the first time.
GO The habits of New York’s   whale population are to be fully analysed for the first time, with scientists hoping the new information will help protect the marine behemoths that navigate one of the busiest shipping areas in the world.
GO Lena Dunham condemns Kanye West’s new music video Famous as ’sickening’.
GO Lena Dunham has publicly condemned Kanye West’s “sickening” new music video, calling it “one of the more disturbing ‘artistic’ efforts in recent memory”.
GO Queen’s granddaughter Zara Tindall discloses miscarriage.
GO The Queen’s granddaughter Zara Tindall and her husband, Mike, have lost their baby, a spokeswoman for the couple has said.
GO Mississippi nun killings: suspect charged with capital murder, police say.
GO A man suspected in the killing of two Mississippi nuns who were found dead inside a residence within the community they served has been arrested and charged with two counts of capital murder, Mississippi authorities said.
GO How we made In the Heat of the Night.
GO Not long after I finished In the Heat of the Night, I went skiing in Idaho and my son broke his leg.
GO What an Obamacare replacement could look like under Tom Price.
GO Donald Trump’s choice of Georgia congressman Tom Price as health and human services secretary suggests his campaign rhetoric attacking Obamacare was more than mere bluster.
GO Cristiano Ronaldo wins Ballon d’Or for the fourth time.
GO Cristiano Ronaldo has won the Ballon d’Or award for the fourth time, capping a season in which his Portugal side won Euro 2016 and his club, Real Madrid, took the Champions League.
GO Destruction of kelp forests by tropical fish shows impact of ocean temperature rises.
GO Herbivorous tropical fish have destroyed kelp forests in northern New South Wales, showing that even small increases in ocean temperature can lead to kelp deforestation, an Australian study has found.
GO Barack Obama designates two national monuments in west despite opposition.
GO President Barack Obama designated two national monuments at sites in Utah and Nevada that have become key flashpoints over use of public land in the west, marking the administration’s latest move to protect environmentally sensitive areas in its final weeks.
GO Desmond Tutu: I want right to end my life through assisted dying.
GO Desmond Tutu has said he would like the option of ending his life through assisted dying as he called on politicians, lawmakers and religious leaders to take action on the issue.
GO Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib ’OK’ after being shot at nightclub.
GO The Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib is recovering after being shot at a Dallas nightclub, his team have confirmed.
GO Donald Trump endorses Paul Ryan after previously refusing to back him.
GO Donald Trump finally endorsed US House speaker Paul Ryan on Friday, reversing himself after pointedly refusing to back the highest ranking elected Republican in an interview earlier this week.
GO Walter Scott shooting: single juror forces deadlock and pushes trial into fifth week.
GO The jury in the murder trial of former police officer Michael Slager, who shot and killed unarmed African American Walter Scott as he ran away, is at deadlock after a single juror indicated during dramatic scenes in court they were unwilling to find the    guilty.
GO Jewish employee of Trump’s son-in-law writes open letter over antisemitism row.
GO A Jewish employee of a newspaper owned by Jared Kushner, Donald Trump’s    has written an open letter to Kushner accusing him of “tacit approval” for a culture of antisemitic hatred surrounding Trump, and challenging Kushner to do something to break it up.
GO San Antonio police officer shot dead near headquarters, chief says.
GO A police officer in San Antonio, Texas, was shot dead near his department headquarters on Sunday writing out a traffic ticket, authorities have said.
GO Did you solve it? The EU interpreter puzzle.
GO Earlier today I set you this puzzle: Fran French, Geraldine German, Dudley Dutch, Spike Spanish, Polly Polish and Ron Romanian are six British interpreters at the EU.
GO China to ban ivory trade by the end of 2017.
GO China will ban all domestic ivory trade and processing by the end of 2017, state media reported on Friday, in a move hailed by activists as a gamechanger for Africa’s elephants.
GO Boston-area police to protest Black Lives Matter banner hanging from city hall.
GO Police officers in Massachusetts are upset that the mayor of a largely white, historically   Boston suburb is refusing to remove a Black Lives Matter banner that has hung over city hall for nearly a year.
GO Iraqi troops recapture Nimrud, site of ancient Assyrian city, from Isis.
GO , The Iraqi military says its forces have retaken Nimrud, the site of an ancient Assyrian city overrun by Islamic State militants two years ago.
GO Watch this spacetime: gravitational wave discovery expected.
GO A   search for gravitational waves is expected to end in triumph this week when scientists declare they have discovered ripples in the fabric of spacetime, possibly created by the collision of two massive black holes travelling at close to the speed of light.
GO David Bowie’s son announces arrival of first child.
GO David Bowie’s son Duncan Jones has announced the birth of his child six months after the musician’s death.
GO Comic Con 2016: Brie Larson to play Captain Marvel.
GO The word of the day at Marvel Studios’ San Diego Comic Con panel on Saturday was showmanship: at the very last second of the nearly   presentation, the film company announced it had cast the star of its next   film Captain Marvel, and that the title character will be played by Room star Brie Larson.
GO Ava DuVernay documentary on race and prison to open New York film festival.
GO Ava DuVernay’s racial inequality documentary The 13th will open the 54th New York film festival, marking the first time a   film has been chosen to kick off the event.
GO Family of boy arrested over homemade clock sues Texas school officials.
GO The family of a Muslim boy who was arrested after bringing a homemade clock to school filed a federal lawsuit on Monday against Texas school officials and others, saying the incident violated the    boy’s civil rights, prompted death threats and forced them to leave the United States.
GO New York governor sparks anger after killing threatened shark.
GO The New York state governor, Andrew Cuomo, and his news anchor brother Chris have been criticised by conservationists and constituents after posing beside a threatened shark they killed on a fishing trip.
GO Father accidentally kills teenage son at Florida gun range, authorities say.
GO Authorities in Florida said a    boy was accidentally shot and killed by his father at a Sarasota gun range.
GO Rory McIlroy: Ryder Cup defeat hurts but USA win is good for golf.
GO Despite forming part of a beaten European team and in a sentiment that will be widely shared, Rory McIlroy has suggested a Ryder Cup win for the USA at Hazeltine was a positive outcome for the future of the event.
GO Gawker founder Nick Denton faces personal bankruptcy.
GO The founder of Gawker Media, Nick Denton, faces personal bankruptcy after a US judge refused to extend protections shielding him from liabilities in the Hulk Hogan privacy case.
GO Barack Obama warns of dangers of divisive politics in Athens speech.
GO Barack Obama used his last foreign tour as president to warn against the rise of divisive politics with the global ascent of what he described as coarse nationalism and tribalism, apparently referring to Donald Trump’s decision to appoint Stephen Bannon as his chief strategist.
GO US government collecting social media information from foreign travelers.
GO The US government has begun asking select foreign travelers to disclose their social media activities as part of an expanded effort to spot potential terrorist threats.
GO Facebook’s profits soar as it continues to swallow online advertising market.
GO Facebook almost tripled its profits in the third quarter of 2016 as the social media giant took an even larger slice of the online advertising market.
GO Hundreds of baby animals flood wildlife centers in wake of storm Hermine.
GO Hundreds of animals, including baby squirrels and raccoons, are being tended to in wildlife centers in the wake of Hurricane Hermine’s destructive journey along the east coast.
GO What films and books reveal about your personality type.
GO One of the easiest ways of measuring your personality is simply to ask which kinds of TV, films, and books and magazines do you enjoy.
GO Auschwitz radio operator ruled unfit to stand trial.
GO A    woman who worked as a radio operator at Auschwitz has been ruled unfit to stand trial on charges that she was an accessory to the murder of 260, 000 at the Nazi death camp in   Poland.
GO Baton Rouge settles with DeRay Mckesson and Alton Sterling protesters.
GO The Baton Rouge Metro Council approved a settlement on Tuesday paying activist DeRay Mckesson and other protesters arrested during summer demonstrations over the shooting death of Alton Sterling.
GO Which superhero should Matt Damon play in Ben Affleck’s Batman movie?.
GO Matt Damon once said the only superhero he would ever consider playing was Marvel’s Daredevil, and only if Christopher Nolan agreed to direct.
GO Reading The Game: The Last Of Us.
GO For years now, some of the best, wildest, most moving or revealing stories we’ve been telling ourselves have come not from books, movies or TV, but from video games.
GO After Backlash, Including From Trump, House GOP Drops Weakening Of Ethics Office.
GO After a storm of criticism, including from   Donald Trump, House Republicans have reversed themselves and restored the current rules of the Office of Congressional Ethics.
GO Megyn Kelly Is Leaving Fox News To Join NBC News.
GO Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly is leaving the cable network for a role at NBC News.
GO Video: Swooping Starlings In Murmuration.
GO Murmuration refers to the phenomenon that results when hundreds, sometimes thousands, of starlings fly in swooping, intricately coordinated patterns through the sky.
GO Civil Rights Activists Arrested For Protest Over Jeff Sessions As Attorney General.
GO Several civil rights activists were arrested Tuesday night for staging a   at Sen. Jeff Sessions’ office in Mobile, Ala. to protest his nomination as U. S. attorney general.
GO Israeli Soldier Convicted Of Manslaughter For Killing Wounded Palestinian.
GO An Israeli military court has convicted a soldier of manslaughter for shooting and killing a Palestinian assailant who was already incapacitated.
GO Are Trump And U.S. Intelligence Community Headed For A Showdown?.
GO There’s a new narrative solidifying in Washington:   Donald Trump distrusts the U. S. intelligence community because it’s been sounding the alarm on Russia’s interference in the November election.
GO On Intelligence And Russian Hacking, Are Trump And His Team Missing The Point?.
GO Updated at 3:31 p. m. ET after briefing, After casting doubt on the legitimacy of U. S. intelligence (even referring to it as ”intelligence”)   Donald Trump was briefed Friday by the nation’s top intelligence officials on their investigation into Russia’s hacking attempts and interference in the U. S. presidential election.
GO Renowned Indian Actor Om Puri Dies At 66.
GO Prolific Indian actor Om Puri, who for decades appeared in films all over the world, has died at age 66 in Mumbai.
GO This Could Be The Busiest And Most Consequential Week Before Trump Takes Office.
GO The week before Donald Trump takes the oath of office will set the stage for his entry into the Oval Office.
GO 2 Florida Law Enforcement Officers Killed During Hunt For Murder Suspect.
GO Two law enforcement officers have been killed during a massive manhunt for a murder suspect in Orlando, Fla. Master Sgt.
GO Texas Police Officer Suspended For 10 Days Over Woman’s Forceful Arrest.
GO A police officer in Fort Worth, Texas, has been suspended for 10 days after an inquiry into his forceful arrest of a woman and her two daughters in December.
GO Gregg Jarrett: The latest parlour game -- what will Trump do with his business?.
GO And so it remains today among the Washington elite as they speculate on what   Donald Trump will do on December 15 when he reveals how he intends to avoid conflicts of interest by “leaving my great business.
GO Ravenous 14-foot python caught with 3 deer in its gut .
GO The gustatory feat sets a record: It’s the first invasive Burmese python (Python molurus bivittatus) caught with three deer in its gut, said study   author Scott Boback, an associate professor of biology at Dickinson College in Pennsylvania.
GO Nevada Congresswoman urges Trump to oppose call for online gambling ban.
GO   Nevada Representative Dina Titus is urging the President Elect to oppose a call for an online gambling ban.
GO Chelsea Handler slams white female Trump voters in essay.
GO However, in the same essay published by Thrive Global, Handler singles out white female voters who supported Donald Trump    a move that many are calling hypocritical.
GO Wary Silicon Valley leaders meet with Trump.
GO   Leaders of some of the biggest Silicon Valley companies descended on Trump Tower on Wednesday afternoon, as the tech industry and   Donald Trump tried to reboot their relationship following a contentious election that often saw tech execs standing in opposition to the Republican’s campaign.
GO Trump’s glorious 1988 Cadillac limousines may be auctioned.
GO     Trump will be getting a new limousine in a couple of weeks, but it won’t be the first time he’s had a stretch Cadillac.
GO Fox News Poll: Positive ratings for President Obama as he exits.
GO   President Obama ends his presidency with positive ratings for his overall job performance as well as his handling of the economy, according to the latest Fox News Poll.
GO Scott Baio claims Red Hot Chili Peppers’ drummer’s wife attacked him over Trump.
GO   Scott Baio claims the wife of the drummer from the Red Hot Chili Peppers physically attacked him over his support of   Donald Trump.
GO Michelle Obama tells Oprah: ’We are feeling what not having hope feels like’.
GO   Michelle Obama recently sat down with Oprah Winfrey for an interview that was previewed on “CBS This Morning” Friday in which she said following the election of   Donald Trump, Americans now know what ”not having hope feels like.” The show aired a clip of the   that included a portion where the First Lady discusses the Presidential election.
GO Pentagon: China to return seized Navy drone.
GO   The Pentagon said Saturday that China will return a U. S. Navy drone seized in the international waters of the South China Sea.
GO Michelle Obama’s suggestion Trump is end of ’hope’ for America gets pushback.
GO   First lady Michelle Obama’s suggestion that the United States has lost hope now that Donald Trump has becoming president after eight years of husband President Obama bringing “hope and change” to Americans was met Saturday with some pushback.
GO How to keep the peace at Christmas.
GO   In a little less than a week, Christmas festivities are likely to begin for many of us, and with this comes all kinds of interactions with family members.
GO Glitch in Christmas tree lights sets fire that kills couple.
GO   Authorities say a Utah couple have died after some malfunctioning Christmas tree lights sparked a fire at their house.
GO Trump’s Team: Who’s who in president-elect’s Cabinet, White House.
GO Individuals Trump intends to nominate, CEO, ExxonMobil, Former Texas governor former Texas agriculture commissioner,   presidential candidate, U. S. representative, Montana member of House Natural Resources Committee former Navy SEAL, Retired Marine general former commander of U. S. Central Command, Trump campaign finance chairman former Goldman Sachs partner Hollywood producer, U. S. senator, Alabama, Former director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital 2016 candidate for president, Investor former banker, U. S. representative, Georgia chairman of House Budget Committee orthopedic surgeon, Charter school advocate philanthropist Republican donor, Former Labor secretary, Governor of South Carolina, CEO, CKE Restaurants Inc.
GO Trump’s talkers: As disciplined as he is unruly.
GO   On the roster: Trump’s talkers: As disciplined as he is unruly   Trump tees up trade fight with China   Poll: Trump needs conflict solution, Russia probe   Audible: Backfield in motion   So sick of talking about work at these things!
GO Iranian dissidents seeking meeting with Trump.
GO Fox News has exclusively obtained a letter being presented soon to Trump from a group of influential Iranian dissidents, asking him to follow through on reconsidering the deal, even as President Obama has cautioned against ripping it up.
GO Gruesome ISIS video shows Turkish soldiers burned alive.
GO   The Islamic State terror group has released a ghastly video that appears to show two captured Turkish soldiers being burned alive.
GO For Iraq’s Christians, Christmas cheer tinged with despair.
GO It is unmistakably Christmas on Friday at the Ankawa camp, home to thousands of Iraqi Christians who have been displaced since the Islamic State group seized their towns and villages in the Nineveh plains of northern Iraq in 2014.
GO Trump spokesman backs out of White House post.
GO Miller, a longtime spokesman for Trump’s campaign and later the transition operation, had been named communications director and assistant to the president as part of the senior White House communications team.
GO Kerry: UN Vote Was About Preserving Possibility Of Two-State Solution.
GO Secretary of State John Kerry on Wednesday offered a defense of the United States’ decision to abstain from a United Nations Security Council vote to condemn Israeli settlements in the West Bank, arguing that expanding settlements stands in the way of a   solution to the   conflict.
GO Why You’re Fooling Yourself About ’Fake News’.
GO ”Fake News” is now the bright, shiny object of the   election America, referring to everything from Russian propaganda and   Macedonian bullshit farms to the more familiar ”Fox News” willfully tendentious   propaganda from Fox, Drudge, Limbaugh and more.
GO Office Of Government Ethics Head Was Behind Trump Divestiture Tweetstorm.
GO The director of the Office of Government Ethics himself was behind some pointed advice the federal agency gave   Donald Trump about his business conflicts by way of its Twitter account in November, according to records obtained by NPR under a Freedom of Information Act request.
GO Taking Stock of Our 2016 Membership Drive.
GO If you’re a regular TPM Reader I don’t have to tell you how much of a priority we made of our 2016 Prime membership drive.
GO GOP Bill Would Ban Supreme Court From Citing Its Own Obamacare Cases.
GO Rep. Steve King ( ) hates Obamacare so much that he doesn’t even want the Supreme Court to cite its own major Obamacare cases in future opinions, according to a bill he introduced Tuesday.
GO Reports: Hillary And Bill Clinton To Attend Donald Trump’s Inauguration.
GO Hillary and Bill Clinton are expected to attend   Donald Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20, according to a pair of reports out Tuesday.
GO Megyn Kelly To Leave Fox News For NBC.
GO The New York Times reported Tuesday that Megyn Kelly would leave Fox News, where she has worked for 12 years, for a new position at NBC News.
GO White House: ’Absurd’ To Suggest KS Shooting Linked To Trump’s Rhetoric.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Friday that it was ”absurd” to suggest any connection between President Donald Trump’s rhetoric and a triple shooting in Kansas that some witnesses described as racially motivated.
GO Kansas Shooting Victim Says Gunman Asked If He Was In US Illegally.
GO Alok Madasani, one of the victims of a triple shooting in Kansas that some witnesses described as racially motivated, said on Friday that the gunman asked him if he was in the United States illegally and what type of visa he had.
GO Dozens Of Headstones Broken, Overturned At Jewish Cemetery In PA.
GO Dozens of headstones at a Jewish cemetery in Pennsylvania were broken and overturned in what Philadelphia police called an act of vandalism.
GO Trump: ’Nobody Knew That Health Care Could Be So Complicated’.
GO President Donald Trump told a bipartisan group of governors at a White House reception Monday morning that GOP tax reform would have to wait for lawmakers to move on repealing Obamacare, cautioning that, ”Nobody knew that health care could be so complicated.” ”I have to tell you, it’s an unbelievably complex subject,” Trump said.
GO Lindsey Graham Says Trump’s First Budget Is ’Dead On Arrival’.
GO Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said Tuesday that President Donald Trump’s budget outline is ”dead on arrival” and that proposed cuts to State Department funding ”would be a disaster.” ”It’s dead on arrival.
GO Many Female House Dems Will Wear White To Trump’s Speech To Congress.
GO Some of the women of the House Democrats banded together Tuesday, opting to wear white on the day of President Donald Trump’s speech to a joint session of Congress in honor of the suffragette movement.
GO Trump Address To Congress Draws Fewer Viewers Than Obama’s 2009 Speech.
GO The ratings are in, and President Donald Trump’s first address to a joint session of congress attracted fewer viewers than President Obama’s in 2008.
GO Trump & Putin. Yes, It’s Really a Thing.
GO Over the last year there has been a recurrent refrain about the seeming bromance between Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
GO Oklahoma Rep. To Visiting Muslim Students: ‘Do You Beat Your Wife?’.
GO A group of Muslim high school students attempting to meet with a Republican Oklahoma lawmaker were asked to complete a survey about their adherence to Sharia law that included questions like, “Do you beat your wife?” State Rep. John Bennett (R) confirmed to the Tulsa World in a Friday email that he asked three students who stopped by his office during an annual “Muslim Day” event at the Capitol to complete the questionnaire.
GO Schumer: Trump Is ’In Trouble’ Whether His Wiretap Claims Are True Or Not.
GO Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said Sunday that President Donald Trump is ”in trouble” whether his claims that President Barack Obama’s administration obtained a wiretap on Trump Tower are true or not.
GO Dem Sen.: On Russia, Shutting Down The Government Is ‘The Only Card We’ve Got’.
GO Sen. Chris Coons ( ) said Monday that shutting down the government was Democrats’ “ultimate card” to compel Republicans to work with them in investigating possible ties between Russia and the Trump campaign.
GO Spicer On Trump’s Confidence In FBI Director Comey: Nothing Has Changed.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday that nothing had changed about Trump’s confidence in FBI Director James Comey, despite reports that Comey asked the Justice Department to refute Trump’s unsubstantiated claims that former President Obama had ordered that Trump be surveilled.
GO Al Franken: Hard Not To Conclude That Sessions ’Perjured Himself’.
GO Sen. Al Franken ( ) said on Tuesday that he finds it hard not to conclude that Attorney General Jeff Sessions ”perjured himself” during his Senate confirmation hearing.
GO Spicer: Actually ’I’m Not Fine’ When It Comes To My Govt-Provided Insurance.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Wednesday that he is actually ”not fine” when it comes to health insurance costs, despite the fact that as a federal employee his benefits are provided by a comprehensive government program.
GO Price: Some May Be ’Moved’ To Insurance That’s ’Much More Desirable’.
GO Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price wouldn’t commit on Friday that people would be able to keep their health insurance plans as a result of the American Health Care Act.
GO White House Demonstrably Lying About Flynn.
GO    AP: ”President Donald Trump was not aware that his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, had worked to further the interests of the government of Turkey before appointing him, the White House said Thursday.” Here is a selection of published reports from November and December detailing Flynn’s lobbying on behalf of Turkish interests before Flynn was appointed.
GO Spicer: Trump Thinks Medicaid Expansion Should Phase Out In 2020.
GO While trying to walk a line that suggested President Donald Trump was open to changes to the health care bill GOP leadership is pushing to repeal Obamacare, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer signaled the President has sided with House leaders in their fight with conservatives over whether to begin phasing out Medicaid expansion in 2020 or 2018.
GO Legal Experts: Lawsuit Over Trump’s DC Hotel Conflicts Is Uphill Climb.
GO A lawsuit filed Wednesday by a Washington D. C. restaurant and bar alleging that the Trump International Hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue has an unfair advantage given its ties to the sitting president is likely to face an uphill battle in courts, legal experts told TPM.
GO Ryan: Number Who Will Lose Health Coverage Under Repeal Is ’Up To People’.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) said on Sunday that he can’t say how many people will lose health coverage under the Republican bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act, as it’s ”up to people” to acquire coverage ”if they want it.” ”The one thing I’m certain will happen is CBO will say, well, gosh, not as many people will get coverage.
GO GOP Senator: Repeal Bill May Put House Republican Majority ’At Risk Next Year’.
GO Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) said on Sunday that House Republicans’ bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act ”cannot pass the Senate” and that Republicans will put their majority in the House ”at risk next year” if they vote in its favor.
GO King: For Every Valedictorian DREAMer, 100 Are ’Hauling 75 Pounds Of Marijuana’.
GO According to Rep. Steve King’s ( ) math, legalizing undocumented immigrants is untenable because for every valedictorian DREAMer    immigrants brought to the U. S. as children    there are 100 more who are carrying drugs across the border.
GO CBO: Obamacare Repeal Bill Reduces Deficit By $337 Billion Over 10 Years.
GO The Congressional Budget Office’s highly anticipated analysis of the GOP bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act dropped Monday afternoon, and the office’s   research team estimated that the legislation would reduce the federal deficit by $337 billion dollars over the next 10 years.
GO GOP Medicaid Overhaul Would Cut Funding By $880B Over 10 Years: CBO.
GO The federal government would slash its funding on Medicaid by a quarter    or $880 billion    over the course of 10 years, if the GOP’s overhaul of the program in the American Health Care Act is implemented, according to an analysis released Monday by the Congressional Budget Office.
GO King: Hispanic, Black People Will Turn On Each Other Before Outnumbering Whites.
GO Rep. Steve King ( ) of newfound ”somebody else’s babies” infamy, said on Monday that black and Hispanic populations ”will be fighting each other” before outnumbering the population of white people in the United States.
GO Trump On Tax Leak: ’It’s Illegal And You’re Not Supposed To Have It’.
GO President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that the leaking of pages from his 2005 tax returns is ”illegal” and a ”disgrace.” ”I have no idea where they got it,” Trump told Fox anchor Tucker Carlson in an interview scheduled to air Wednesday night.
GO Donald Trump Jr. Tweets Up A Storm Thanking Maddow For Airing Tax Return.
GO Donald Trump Jr. on Tuesday night thanked MSNBC host Rachel Maddow for revealing part of his father President Donald Trump’s 2005 tax returns on air.
GO Trump Budget Director Suggests Meals On Wheels Doesn’t Show Results.
GO Defending the draconian spending cuts in the first Trump budget, the White House’s top budget official suggested Thursday that ”Meals on Wheels” isn’t ”showing any results.” Appearing in front of reporters in the White House briefing room, Mick Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget, broadly defended the cuts to most of the $3 billion Community Development Block Grants which provides funding to states for Meals on Wheels, among other programs.
GO GOP Sen. Heller Says He Won’t Vote For Obamacare Repeal Bill.
GO Sen. Dean Heller ( ) on Friday said that he cannot support House Republicans’ bill to repeal and replace Obamacare in its current form, signaling trouble for the legislation in the Senate.
GO House Intel Chair: No FISA Warrant ’That I’m Aware Of’ On Trump Tower.
GO House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes ( ) said on Sunday that he is not aware of any foreign intelligence surveillance court (FISA) warrant for surveillance of Trump Tower.
GO Trump, Amid Ongoing Wiretap Claims, Says Obama Was ’Very Nice’ To Him.
GO President Donald Trump said in an interview aired Sunday that President Barack Obama, who he previously called a ”bad (or sick) guy,” has ”been very nice” to him.
GO Gorsuch: There Were No Litmus Tests In Trump’s Nomination Process.
GO Judge Neil Gorsuch denied that there were any litmus tests or commitments asked to be made when he was in the interview process for becoming President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee.
GO Comey: FBI Probing If Trump Campaign, Russia Engaged In ’Coordination’.
GO In   testimony, FBI Director James Comey confirmed to the House Intelligence Committee Monday morning that his agency was conducting an ongoing investigation into whether members of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign coordinated with the Russian government during the 2016 campaign.
GO Follow The Money, Donald Trump Edition.
GO There’s a very good story out today from Bloomberg chronicling the flow of money from the former Soviet Union into real estate ventures built by or licensed with the name of Donald Trump.
GO Paul Ryan: Some Freedom Caucus Members Are Voting For Repeal Bill.
GO After Republican leaders in the House unveiled changes to the bill to repeal and replace Obamacare on Monday night, House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) indicated that at least some of the members of the conservative House Freedom Caucus were on board with the legislation.
GO Comey Declines To Say If Trump Himself Was Under Investigation.
GO FBI Director James Comey on Monday declined to answer questions about whether President Donald Trump either was under investigation during the 2016 election campaign or is currently.
GO Trump Rehashes Campaign, Makes No Mention Of Comey Testimony In KY Rally.
GO President Donald Trump on Monday night omitted any mention of FBI Director James Comey’s testimony before the House Intelligence Committee, opting instead to rehash talking points from the campaign trail.
GO Trump Now Says U.S. Military ’Should Never Ever Have Left’ Iraq.
GO Contrary to a series of past statements on the issue, President Donald Trump said Monday that the U. S. military “should never ever have left” Iraq in 2011.
GO FBI Reportedly Looking At Breitbart, InfoWars As Part Of Russia Probe.
GO The FBI’s Counterintelligence Division is looking into the role   news sites including Breitbart, InfoWars and the   RT might have played in Russia’s influence campaign during the U. S. presidential election, McClatchy reported Monday.
GO Gorsuch: Trump And I Talked About Abortion Being ’Divisive’ In Campaign.
GO President Trump and Judge Neil Gorsuch talked about abortion    but only because Trump thought the issue might have cost him Colorado in the presidential campaign, Gorsuch testified at his Supreme Court confirmation hearing Tuesday.
GO Gorsuch: Attacks On Judiciary By ’Anyone’ Are ’Demoralizing’.
GO Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch on Tuesday said that attacks on the ”integrity or honesty or independence” of the judiciary are ”disheartening” no matter who they come from.
GO Trump: I Feel ‘Somewhat’ Vindicated By Nunes’ Surveillance Claim.
GO President Donald Trump said that he felt “somewhat” vindicated in his unsubstantiated wiretapping claims after hearing from House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes ( ) who claimed Wednesday that Trump and members of his transition team had been “incidentally” surveilled.
GO Sean Spicer: On Health Care, There’s No ’Plan B’.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday that he was confident that the American Health Care Act would pass the House of Representatives.
GO Apple and SAP to release tool to build business apps.
GO The software tool, to be released on March 30, is designed to let developers easily feed data between SAP’s   software systems and Apple’s   iOS mobile platform.
GO Impostor scams surpass ID theft among U.S. consumer complaints: FTC.
GO Impostor scams accounted for 406, 578 of the 3, 050, 374 consumer complaints received in 2016 by the FTC’s Consumer Sentinel Network, just above the 399, 225 received for identity theft, the agency said.
GO Brookfield to take control of SunEdison units for $1.41 billion.
GO Canada’s largest   manager is increasing its holding in TerraForm Power after first reporting a stake in June, when it called the SunEdison unit an ”attractive investment opportunity”.
GO Tesla’s business model could be in trouble.
GO ’’ ”Over the past few years, as its sales and stock have risen, Tesla’s core business model has been shifting.” ’The carmaker was founded in 2003 with the basic goal of bringing an exciting   vehicle to market.
GO The FBI just released 27 new photos of the Pentagon on 9/11.
GO ’’ ’The FBI has released 27 new photos of the Pentagon on   after it was struck by a plane that was hijacked by five terrorists.
GO Steve Wozniak tells us what he wants to be remembered for.
GO ’Apple   Steve Wozniak has arguably been called ”The inventor of the personal computer.” But even if you believe that the title belongs to one of the pioneers before him’ ’”Happiness = smiles   frowns,” would be the best thing on my tombstone.’ ’I think that what I did, I didn’’t know it necessarily at the time, is we all don’’t necessarily know.
GO IAN BREMMER ON NORTH KOREA: Trump could either start a war or win a Nobel Peace Prize.
GO ’Geopolitical analyst and president of the Ian Bremmer explains how North Korea is more capable and dangerous now than it has been in recent memory, and how a Trump administration could lead to a real breakthrough or a real war.
GO 23 questions you should never ask at the end of a job interview.
GO ’’ ”When you have the floor, you’ll want to take full advantage of the opportunity to show that you’ve done your homework and determine if the job is a good fit.” ”But it’s imperative that you put just as much thought into what you ask as you do your responses to their questions.
GO Apple’s making an Amazon Echo competitor called ’HomePod’.
GO ”   Apple is making a competitor to Amazon’s Echo speaker, and it   features a familiar voice: Siri.
GO The people behind the popular ’Mass Effect’ games have a brand new title: ’Anthem’.
GO ’   The newest title from popular video game developer BioWare has   been revealed, and it’’s called ”Anthem.” ’ ”   Electronic Arts, the game’s publisher, gave a very brief tease of   the new game at an event on Saturday.
GO A top Apple executive is denying an unflattering story from an upcoming book.
GO ’’ ’A top Apple executive said on Tuesday that parts of a recent story in The Verge about the invention of the iPhone were ”not true.
GO Virginia Tech Relents and Re-Invites Jason Riley to Speak on Campus.
GO We welcomed the statement this morning from Virginia Tech University’s president Timothy Sands saying that the university is inviting Jason Riley to speak on campus.
GO Oregon State University to Force All Students to Take ‘Social Justice Training’.
GO Oregon State University reportedly plans to force all students to take a “social justice training” beginning in the fall of 2016.
GO What Chance Would a Third-Party Candidate Have?.
GO Now that Donald Trump has sewn up the Republican nomination,   conservatives are talking seriously about   candidates.
GO Captain America: Civil War Is No ‘Conservative Manifesto’.
GO It appears there are going to be many attempts to project modern political debates onto the new Marvel superhero movie, Captain America: Civil War.
GO CBO Study: One in Six Young Men Are Jobless or in Jail.
GO A new study released by the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) contains some shocking news: One out of every six young American men is either out of work or in jail.
GO Obama’s Hiroshima Visit Is Hypocrisy.
GO So it’s official: President Obama will be stopping at Hiroshima, the site of the dropping of the first atomic bomb, on May 27 during his state visit to Japan.
GO Why I Cannot Support Trump.
GO If Hillary is the Democratic nominee, Donald J. Trump is likely to become the next president of the United States.
GO The President Is Not ‘in Charge of the Economy’.
GO The most enduring and destructive superstition about American politics is that the president is “in charge of” the economy, and so it was no surprise to hear Hillary Rodham Clinton yesterday say that she’d put her husband “in charge of revitalizing the economy.
GO President Obama Is Visiting Hiroshima. Why Not Pearl Harbor?.
GO President Obama is visiting Hiroshima this week, the site of the August 6, 1945, dropping of the atomic bomb that helped end World War II in the Pacific Theater.
GO Yes, Hillary Was an Enabler.
GO Donald Trump’s philosophy is never to use a scalpel when a meat ax is available, and so it is with his attack on the Clinton scandals of the 1990s.
GO Why I’m Not Running for President.
GO Here is a sentence I never thought I’d type: After days of prayer, reflection, and serious study of the possibilities, I am not going to run as an independent candidate for president of the United States.
GO The Price Paul Ryan Has Paid.
GO The Caligulan malice with which Donald Trump administered Paul Ryan’s degradation is an object lesson in the price of abject capitulation to power.
GO The Facebook Story You Didn’t Hear.
GO Remember the whole kerfuffle about how Facebook was restricting conservative news and views, how Zuckerberg bent over backwards (well, at least tilted a little bit) to meet with conservative leaders and assure them that Facebook didn’t participate in viewpoint discrimination, and how everybody held hands and celebrated the beautiful tolerance of Facebook and the miracle of free speech in a diverse society?
GO Neither Candidate Is Getting Immigration Right.
GO No contemporary political issue has been more controversial, or has been subject to more dubious analyses, than immigration.
GO SJW Internet: Saying There Is a ‘Correct’ Form of English Is ‘Classist’ .
GO According to   Internet, thinking that there is a “correct” form of English is not only “classist,” but also kind of racist and heteronormative, too.
GO Ice cream maker Blue Bell reports listeria found again in facility.
GO    Blue Bell Creameries, which stopped production and distribution of ice cream to 25 states in April after the discovery of listeria bacteria, said on Friday that listeria was discovered again in a production facility.
GO Glenn Frey, founding member of the Eagles, dead at 67.
GO Glenn Frey, a founding member of the rock band the Eagles, died Monday in New York City, his publicist announced.
GO ’American Pie’ singer Don McLean arrested for domestic violence.
GO Singer Don McLean was arrested on a misdemeanor domestic violence charge Monday in Maine.
GO Girls basketball team gets booted from league for being too good.
GO     A Minnesota youth basketball team has been ejected from a league for being too good and now the coach, parents and players are crying foul.
GO Shaquille O’Neal surprises Florida teens, officer with game of basketball.
GO     A former NBA superstar surprised a Florida police officer and a group of teenagers days after the officer was captured on video responding to a call of children playing basketball too loudly in the street and instead of breaking up the game, the officer joined them.
GO Middle school basketball coach resigns for game brawl caught on video.
GO     The coach of a Kentucky middle school basketball team resigned last week after being involved in a brawl at a game that was caught on camera and posted on social media.
GO Ex-Wisconsin cop accused of killing 2 women to stand trial.
GO     A former Wisconsin police officer accused of killing women from Oregon woman and Minnesota and ditching their two bodies in suitcases along a highway is set to stand trial this week in the first woman’s death.
GO Ad flap breaks out over Huckabee’s Adele spoof.
GO     With a few hours before the first of two presidential debates, a political ad flap broke out over a satirical video from Mike Huckabee’s campaign that riffs off the hit Adele song “Hello.
GO US official sees Zika vaccine trials starting by end of 2016.
GO     The United States has two potential candidates for a vaccine for the Zika virus and may begin clinical trials in people by the end of this year, but there will not be a widely available vaccine for several years, U. S. officials said on Thursday.
GO Iran’s supreme leader awards medals to troops who ’captured’ U.S. sailors.
GO     Iran’s supreme leader awarded medals to members of the Iranian Navy who he said “captured intruding” U. S. Navy sailors during a tense incident this month.
GO Source: SC Sen. Scott to endorse Rubio.
GO     South Carolina Sen. Tim Scott will endorse GOP presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio, Fox News has learned.
GO Leader of Marine helicopter squadron fired days before crash off Hawaii.
GO     A Marine general fired the commander of a Hawaii helicopter squadron days before two of the unit’s helicopters crashed and killed all 12 Marines on board.
GO Sources: Santorum to suspend 2016 presidential campaign.
GO     Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum plans to announce he is suspending his 2016 presidential campaign Wednesday night, sources tell Fox News.
GO US officials looking to Al Shabaab as suspect in explosion on airplane over Somalia.
GO     Federal authorities are closely monitoring the investigation into an explosion aboard a Daallo Airlines flight over Somalia and are looking at Somali Al Qaeda affiliate Al Shabaab as a leading suspect, a law enforcement source told Fox News on Wednesday.
GO Taxi drivers in Japan report ’ghost passengers’ in tsunami-ravaged area.
GO     A number of taxi drivers have reported seeing ‘ghost passengers’ in Ishinomaki in Japan’s Miyagi Prefecture, an area that was devastated by the 2011 earthquake and tsunami.
GO Presidential candidates make weekend blitz in NH before debate, primaries.
GO     Democratic and Republican presidential candidates and their campaigns on Saturday spread across New Hampshire, holding rallies and knocking on doors to sway voters before the GOP debate this evening and the primaries Tuesday, which appear make or break for several candidates.
GO Cornell University fraternity president charged in sexual assault case.
GO     A    male student at Cornell University has been charged in connection with an alleged sexual assault at a fraternity house.
GO Senate report: Illegal immigrants benefited from up to $750M in ObamaCare subsidies.
GO     Illegal immigrants and individuals with unclear legal status wrongly benefited from up to $750 million in ObamaCare subsidies and the government is struggling to recoup the money, according to a new Senate report obtained by Fox News.
GO Watch: MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow Asks if Trump Will Send Her ‘to a Camp’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on Bravo’s “Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen,” MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said that she would like to ask   Donald Trump if he is going to send her “to a camp.
GO Farage at CPAC: 2016 Was The Beginning of a Great Global Revolution.
GO Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage addressed a raucous crowd at the American CPAC conference telling them that the great global revolution against globalism had only just begun.
GO Trump: NATO Is ’Obsolete’.
GO   Donald Trump’s latest shot across the bow of NATO hit close enough to leave some European leaders dripping with “astonishment and agitation,” as German Foreign Minister   Steinmeier put it.
GO Berkeley Mayor Is Member of Antifa Facebook Group that Organized Riots - Breitbart.
GO Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguin is a member of the   Facebook group, By Any Means Necessary, which orchestrated the riots that occurred ahead of a scheduled lecture by Milo Yiannopoulos.
GO Trump Can Put Obamacare into Death Spiral on May 22 - Breitbart.
GO Obamacare will go into a death spiral on May 22 if the Trump administration chooses not to continue fighting in court to preserve   subsidies that were ruled illegal last year.
GO Feinstein: I’m Worried What 13 White Republican Men Will Do to Health Care - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) said she is “very worried” what Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) and the working group of “13 white men” will do the heath care.
GO Vice President Mike Pence Casts Historic Tie-Breaking Vote to Confirm Betsy DeVos.
GO Vice President Mike Pence cast an historic deciding vote Tuesday to confirm Betsy DeVos as the next secretary of the U. S. Department of Education.
GO Vanity Fair: National Politics Are all About Donald Trump’s Wall - Breitbart.
GO The fate of Donald Trump’s presidency depends on whether Sen. Chuck Schumer can block construction of the border wall, says Vanity Fair.
GO Breitbart News Daily: Draining the Swamp - Breitbart.
GO On the Friday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart London    Raheem Kassam will continue our discussion of   Donald Trump’s policy agenda and the confirmation hearings for his nominees.
GO Poll: 56 Percent of Democrats Want All of Trump’s Nominees Blocked - Breitbart.
GO A majority of Democrats and liberal voters want Democrats in Congress to block every nominee and bill from the Trump administration, a Morning Consult poll released Wednesday finds.
GO Donald Trump’s Executive Order: Officials Must Identify Immigration Applicants Who Support ’Acts of Violence’ - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump’s immigration Executive Order directs federal officials to set new immigration rules that will identify and exclude people who support the use of violence, and also hints at the exclusion of people who embrace orthodox Islam’s “violent extremism.
GO Judicial Watch: Susan Rice ’Unmasking’ Documents Moved From NSC to Obama Library.
GO The National Security Council cannot hand over records relating to former National Security Adviser Susan Rice’s surveillance of Americans, because they have been moved to the Obama presidential library and may be sealed for as many as five years, conservative watchdog Judicial Watch announced Monday.
GO H-1B Experts on Trump’s Order: ‘This Is What We Elected Him For’.
GO President Donald Trump is getting praise from experts on the   foreign guest worker visa for his ‘Hire American’ Executive Order which calls for a review into the system’s abuse at the expense of American workers.
GO Donald Trump Signs Bill to Extend Veterans Choice Program - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump signed a bill to extend the Veterans Choice Program at the Oval Office on Wednesday, inviting influential veterans groups to join him.
GO General Election Campaigning Suspended In Wake of Manchester Suicide Bombing.
GO British political parties have announced they are suspending campaigning for the forthcoming general election after a suicide bombing in Manchester killed at least 22, and injured 60.
GO Fox Reality Show ’You the Jury’ Lets Viewers Decide Civil Cases.
GO Fox has ordered a new reality series titled You the Jury that will let viewers at home vote to decide the outcome of real civil court cases.
GO Jeff Sessions: I Will Recuse Myself From Future Hillary Clinton Investigations - Breitbart.
GO Alabama Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions stated Tuesday he will recuse himself from investigations concerning failed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton if confirmed as Attorney General.
GO CNN’s Mudd: We Don’t Know If Kushner Said Anything Inappropriate to Russia, Stop Mentioning Treason and Espionage - Breitbart.
GO On Monday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Situation Room,” CNN Counterterrorism Analyst and former CIA counterterrorism official Philip Mudd argued that while there is a question of judgment in the Jared Kushner Russia backchannel story, “We don’t know what he said and whether anything he said was either inappropriate or illegal,” and the “conversation about treason and espionage has to stop.
GO Rutgers Professor Launches Effort to Oppose President Donald Trump’s ’Election Integrity’ Commission.
GO President Donald Trump’s announcement that he is launching a commission to investigate “election integrity” was only hours old before a politics professor at Rutgers University began organizing educators to “resist” the effort.
GO ’Gays for Trump’ Banned from Participating in Charlotte Pride Parade.
GO Members of a   gay group say they have been banned from participating in the Charlotte Pride Parade because of their support for President Trump.
GO Mika: Trump Has ‘No Credibility Where We Stand Right Now’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn working as a foreign agent during the presidential campaign,   Mika Brzezinski said declared the Trump presidency as having “no credibility where we stand right now.
GO Sex Toy Company Pays Out Nearly $3 Million over ’Smart Vibrator’ Secretly Collecting Intimate Data - Breitbart.
GO Sex toy company   has been ordered to pay out nearly $3 million after it was revealed that a “smart vibrator” was secretly collecting intimate data.
GO Parent Activists Outraged as West Virginia Republicans Amend Their Own Bill to Replace Common Core - Breitbart.
GO Parent activists battling to replace the Common Core standards in West Virginia are outraged that the very Republican lawmakers who sponsored a bill to replace the Core with highly acclaimed   standards have voted to amend the legislation.
GO Actor, Trump Supporter Antonio Sabato Jr. Running For Congress in California.
GO Soap opera star and Donald Trump supporter Antonio Sabato Jr. is set to make his own foray into politics with a run for Congress in California.
GO Reporter: I Would Not Have Run Buzzfeed Story on Trump in Russia.
GO Rosie Gray, an   reporter who now works at The Atlantic magazine, told Breitbart News exclusively that she disagrees with the decision her old editor, BuzzFeed’s Ben Smith, made to run a fake news dossier against President Donald Trump accusing the    of having untoward relations with Russia.
GO Report: Laura Ingraham Considering Senate Run in Virginia - Breitbart.
GO Conservative talk radio personality Laura Ingraham is eyeing a Senate run in Virginia to challenge Democratic Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine, the Washington Examiner reports.
GO Trump Quietly Continues Obama’s ’Catch and Release’ at Border.
GO President Donald J. Trump is allowing former President Barack Obama’s “catch and release” of illegal immigrants to continue deep into his administration’s term with no end in sight to the controversial open borders protocol.
GO CNN’s Stelter: Trump’s Attacks on the Press Are the ‘Verbal Form of Poison’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” host Brian Stelter said President Donald Trump‘s tweet labeling the press an “enemy” of the American people was “a verbal form of poison.
GO Kansas Rally Against Campus Carry Draws 15 People.
GO Photographs show that a Wichita State University rally against campus carry drew 15 people on Tuesday, counting the speaker.
GO Terry McAuliffe: Alexandria Shooting Proves We Have ’Too Many Guns on the Street’ - Breitbart.
GO Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe (D) responded to the news of the shooting in Alexandria by saying it proves we have “too many guns on the street.
GO Los Angeles Seeks to Stop Oil and Gas Boom - Breitbart.
GO Los Angeles City Council President Herb Wesson has introduced a motion to end oil drilling and production near public places in a measure that could kill America’s next oil and gas fracking boom.
GO Mel Gibson-Vince Vaughn Cop Thriller ’Dragged Across Concrete’ Acquired by Lionsgate.
GO Lionsgate has acquired the U. S. distribution rights to Dragged Across Concrete, a police detective thriller starring Vince Vaughn and Mel Gibson.
GO UKIP’s Paul Nuttall: ’Islamist Extremism is a Cancer Within Our Society’.
GO UKIP leader Paul Nuttall has used a landmark speech to brand Islamist extremism a “cancer within our society” proposing a range of robust actions to ensure it is “cut out”.
GO Trump: ’We Are Going to Help’ Christian Refugees.
GO In an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network recorded on Thursday, but set to air in full on Sunday, President Trump said Christian refugees have been “horribly treated” and “we are going to help them.
GO Joy Reid: Trump Seems to ’Emulate Russian Oligarchs’ - Breitbart.
GO MSNBC’s Joy Reid said Saturday on “AM Joy” that President Donald Trump has an “affinity for all things Russia,” adding that he seems to “emulate Russian oligarchs.
GO President Trump Takes Calls with World Leaders: Germany, France, Australia, Russia, Japan - Breitbart.
GO On Saturday President Trump engaged in a series of phone calls with five world leaders to discuss diplomatic relations, including Germany’s Angela Merkel, Russia’s Vladimir Putin, and Japan’s Shinzo Abe.
GO Hillary Clinton Received Over 800,000 Illegal Votes, Research Claims - Breitbart.
GO Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton received over 800, 000 illegal votes from noncitizens of the United States, according to academic research.
GO MILO’s Book ’Dangerous’ To Be Released In June Will Now Include Berkeley Riots - Breitbart.
GO The release date of MILO’s upcoming book “DANGEROUS” has been moved to early June in order to include material about the   riots that took place at UC Davis, UW Seattle, and UC Berkeley in the final weeks of the “Dangerous Faggot Tour,” he has confirmed.
GO White House Sources: Reports of Gorka Leaving White House Are ‘Incorrect’ - Breitbart.
GO Multiple White House sources confirmed to Breitbart News on Sunday evening that reports earlier on Sunday that Sebastian Gorka, a deputy assistant to President Donald Trump, is somehow leaving the White House are incorrect.
GO Bill Maher Apologizes for Using Racial Slur on ’Real Time’.
GO Real Time host Bill Maher has issued an apology after using a racial slur during a segment of his HBO program Friday night.
GO MSNBC Anchor Asks If Trump Trying To Provoke A Domestic Terror Attack ’For His Own Gain’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday, MSNBC anchor Thomas Roberts asked twice if President Donald Trump is trying to provoke a domestic terrorist attack in order to “prove himself right” about Islamic terrorism.
GO Trump Budget Includes ’Significant Funding of . . . Refugee Program’ - Breitbart.
GO The blueprint for the Trump administration’s FY 2018 budget released on Thursday “allows for significant funding of humanitarian assistance, including food aid, disaster, and refugee program funding” in the State Department.
GO DELINGPOLE: Global Warming Study Cancelled Because of ’Unprecedented’ Ice.
GO A global warming research study in Canada has been cancelled because of “unprecedented” thick summer ice.
GO Michael Moore at Anti-Trump Rally: ’We Are Here to Vow to End the Trump Carnage!’.
GO   documentary filmmaker Michael Moore declared to thousands of protesters Saturday at the Women’s March on Washington that “We are here to vow to end the Trump carnage!
GO Kidnapped Border Patrol Agent Was Hacked with Machete, Suspects Caught.
GO Suspects in the kidnapping and attack of a U. S. Border Patrol agent have been captured and an official statement from authorities reveals that the agent was hacked with a machete.
GO Exclusive: ’How Trump Won’ Cover Art Released - Breitbart.
GO Regnery Publishing has released the cover art for How Trump Won, the forthcoming book   by Breitbart News Senior    Joel Pollak and New York Times bestselling author and historian Larry Schweikart.
GO Watch: First Lady Melania Trump Weeps at National Cathedral.
GO First Lady Melania Trump wept as    Marlana VanHoose sang the hymn “How Great Thou Art” during the Inaugural Prayer Service at the Washington National Cathedral in the nation’s capital on Saturday morning.
GO London Terror: One Dead, One Arrested as Man Ploughs Van into Pedestrians Outside London Mosque.
GO London police are investigating a suspected terror attack and have arrested a 48 year old on suspicion of attempted murder after a van was driven into a crowd of people on a London street near a mosque in Finsbury Park.
GO FBI’s Comey Debunks Huma Abedin’s Excuse for Clinton Emails Appearing on Anthony Weiner’s Laptop.
GO Missing from much of the news media coverage of FBI Director James Comey’s testimony last week that   top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin regularly forwarded classified emails to her husband, Anthony Weiner, is that the revelation directly contradicts Abedin’s own claims from last November about how the emails famously made it to Weiner’s laptop computer.
GO LA Times: Trump Should ’Revive’ Gang of Eight Amnesty Bill - Breitbart.
GO The Los Angeles Times editorial board is requesting President Donald Trump to “revive” the infamous ‘Gang of Eight’ amnesty legislation that would have legalized some 12 to 30 million illegal immigrants in the U. S.[In the L. A.
GO ESPN Radio’s Peter Rosenberg: ’Shameful and Embarrassing’ for the NFL That Kaepernick Is Still Free Agent - Breitbart.
GO Friday on ESPN’s “SportsCenter: Coast to Coast,” ESPN Radio   Peter Rosenberg said the fact that quarterback Colin Kaepernick remains unsigned in the NFL is “shameful and embarrassing for the league as a whole.
GO Cotton to House: ’Do Not Walk the Plank and Vote for a Bill that Cannot Pass the Senate’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing the Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) warned GOP House members “Do not walk the plank and vote for a bill that cannot pass the Senate and then have to face the consequences of that vote.
GO Krauthammer: No Question Obama Left Behind ’Landmines’ For Trump, ’Revenge of the Losers’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” columnist Charles Krauthammer argued that there’s no question that President Obama “was intent on leaving behind landmines.
GO Ashton Kutcher Blows Kiss to John McCain During Senate Hearing.
GO Actor Ashton Kutcher sent a little love to Sen. John McCain ( ) Wednesday during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing focused on ending modern slavery and child sexual exploitation.
GO House May Have to Vote Again on American Health Care Act - Breitbart.
GO House Republicans may have to vote again on the American Health Care Act (AHCA) after narrowly passing the bill earlier this May.
GO WATCH: ’Kill Jews, Americans’ - Osama Bin Laden’s Son Calls for Global Terrorist Attacks.
GO One of the sons of   leader and   architect Osama bin Laden has called on Islamist terrorists around the world to kill Jews and attack American interests wherever they are found.
GO MILO to Appear on Real Time With Bill Maher This Friday - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Senior Editor MILO will appear on HBO’s Real Time with Bill Maher this Friday to discuss free speech on college campuses, in the wake of the violent riots that disrupted the final events of his “Dangerous Faggot Tour.
GO Less than Half of Young Brits Feel European after Brexit Vote.
GO Four in five Brits aged between 18 and 30 identify as British, compared to less than half who feel European, a   vote poll has revealed.
GO Population of Malmö Growing Solely Because of Migration.
GO The heavily   Swedish city of Malmö has grown by almost 6, 000 people in the last year and authorities say the main reason for the growth is mass migration.
GO Brzezinski: Controlling What People Think ’Is Our Job’ - Breitbart.
GO UPDATE: Brzezinski took to Twitter to clarify her remarks, saying, “Today I said it’s the media’s job to keep President Trump from making up his own facts, NOT that it’s our job to control what people think.
GO Texas High School Coach Gets Probation for Sex with Student.
GO A former high school soccer coach in Texas got 60 days in jail and eight years probation for having sex with a    female student.
GO Just 368 of 8,000 Rejected North African Asylum Seekers Deported.
GO The German government has taken in tens of thousands of migrants from North Africa over the course of the migrant crisis and of the 8, 363 who have been rejected for asylum only 368 were actually deported in 2016.
GO Clapper: ’Our Institutions Are Under Assault’ By President Trump - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said our institutions of government were “under assault” by President Donald Trump.
GO MILO: Harry Potter Seems to be ’the Only Book That Millennial Liberals Can Reference’ - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO joked that J. K. Rowling’s Harry Potter seemed to be “the only book that millennial liberals can reference,” during his talk about how Democrats lost the vote of the working man at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs tonight.
GO Paul Ryan: ‘Planned Parenthood Is Not Funded’ in Budget Reconciliation Bill.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan said Tuesday during a press conference that “Planned Parenthood is not funded” in the budget reconciliation bill that Republicans should be able to get through the Senate with only 51 votes.
GO London Terrorists Named: Known to Police, Born in Pakistan.
GO London police have named two of the three London Bridge attackers, confirming one as a known Islamist radical who appeared in a Channel 4 documentary.
GO Joy Behar: Trump Voters ’Resentful of Any Poor Child Getting Something for Free’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday on ABC’s “The View,” while discussing former first lady Michelle Obama criticizing Trump administration’s cuts to her regulations on school lunch programs,   Joy Behar said “a lot” of President Donald Trump’s voters are “resentful of any poor child getting something for free.
GO Exclusive—Rick Manning: Secretary Price Wrong to Say Full Obamacare Repeal Would Put ‘Vunerable at Risk’ - Breitbart.
GO Americans for Limited Government President Rick Manning says that Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price is wrong to say that a full Obamacare repeal would put “vulnerable people at risk.
GO More Than 100 Sex Offenders Caught in Single Border Sector This Fiscal Year.
GO Border Patrol officials in the Rio Grande Valley Sector report that their agents arrested more than 100 previously deported sex offenders that illegally   the U. S. Agents arrested two during a   period in separate locations in the sector on Wednesday.
GO Chicago Blackhawks’ Patrick Kane Gives Up First-Class Airplane Seat to Soldier.
GO The Chicago Blackhawks’ Patrick Kane is receiving accolades from coast to coast after giving up his   airline seat to an American soldier who entered the plane in uniform.
GO Sen. Rand Paul Meets with House Freedom Caucus: 25 Solid ’No’ Votes Against RyanCare - Breitbart.
GO The House Freedom Caucus announced after a Wednesday lunch meeting with Sen. Rand Paul (R. ) that it has 25   votes, enough to defeat the American Health Care Act crafted and promoted by Speaker Paul Ryan (R. ) as a rescue for insurance companies caught in the Obamacare “death spiral.
GO High School Basketball Coaches Fired After Taking School Bus on Beer Run - Breitbart.
GO Two high school basketball coaches in Oklahoma were fired after taking a school bus to go buy beer while their team, from Tishomingo High School, attended a camp at Connors State University.
GO Jeff Sessions Vows to Take Travel Ban to SCOTUS - Breitbart.
GO Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a statement Thursday on the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit decision to block President Donald Trump’s travel ban executive order, vowing to take the defense of that order to the United States Supreme Court.
GO James Clapper: ’I Can’t Refute ... and Can’t Confirm’ Evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion - Breitbart.
GO Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told CNN’s Jake Tapper on Sunday that his earlier statements that there was no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia should not be considered “exculpatory.
GO First Lawsuit Filed Against Trump’s Border Wall Will Likely Be Thrown Out - Breitbart.
GO An environmental group and an Arizona Democrat legislator have filed the first lawsuit against President Donald Trump’s border wall, though the case may be thrown out.
GO Judge Tells Defendant: ’I Would Have Shot You’ Dead if You Broke into My House - Breitbart.
GO While sentencing Idahoan Logan John Urrizaga to 15 years in prison, Fifth District Judge Randy Stoker said he would have shot Urrizaga dead if he had broken into his house.
GO Megyn Kelly Dropped as Host of ’Sandy Hook Promise’ Gala over Alex Jones Interview.
GO Megyn Kelly has agreed to step down as host of a gun violence prevention fundraiser related to the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary massacre after receiving heavy backlash over an upcoming interview with InfoWars founder Alex Jones, who has said that the attack was a hoax.
GO Graphic Photos: Islamic State Executes Man Who Cursed Allah.
GO The Islamic State terrorist organization published pictures showing the execution of a Syrian man who was convicted of cursing Allah.
GO Church of England Rejects Report Saying Marriage Only Between Man and Woman.
GO The Church of England’s main legislative body has rejected a report saying marriage can only be between a man and a woman, plunging the church into a new crisis.
GO Kirsten Powers on Hillary Election Remarks: ’Never In This Equation Is Hillary Clinton to Blame’ for Losing the Election - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” CNN Political Analyst and USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers reacted to former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s remarks where she pointed to FBI Director James Comey, WikiLeaks, Russia, misogyny, Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) and the media as some reasons why she lost the 2016 election by stating, “Never in this equation is Hillary Clinton to blame for anything, and she was, after all, the candidate.
GO Report: Paul Ryan Receives Steve Bannon’s Support to Salvage Border Tax Plan - Breitbart.
GO Speaker of the House Paul Ryan has won the support of President Donald Trump’s senior adviser Steve Bannon in his attempt to pass his border adjustment tax plan, according to a report from Bloomberg:[Trump’s top strategist once described Ryan as “the enemy,” but now the former Breitbart News chief is the speaker’s best chance to win approval for his   tax, which Republicans currently say has almost no hope of clearing the Senate.
GO Donald Trump Announces ‘Tremendous Progress’ During Meeting with Chinese President - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump appeared energized by the ongoing meetings with Chinese President Xi Jinping, hailing “tremendous progress” in the relationship between the two countries.
GO Trump Calls On NRA’s LaPierre to Help Secure Gorsuch Confirmation.
GO President Trump held a meeting with conservative leaders on February 1 in which he called on NRA Senior Vice President Wayne LaPierre to guide the leaders in a way that secures confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch.
GO Report: Breitbart National Security Editor Dr. Sebastian Gorka to Join Trump White House.
GO Oliver Darcy reports in Business Insider that Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Breitbart Senior National Security Editor and author of the bestselling book Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War, is joining the Trump White House.
GO ‘Allah Will Get You’: London Nursery Worker Attacked With Blade.
GO Counter Terrorism Police have been alerted after three women, alleged shouting “Allah will get you” and quoting the Quran, stabbed a nursery school worker in North London.
GO Conway: Trump Is ‘Not Going to Release His Tax Returns’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” when asked about a White House petition calling for President Donald Trump to release his tax returns, Trump aide Kellyanne Conway said Trump is “not going to release his tax returns.
GO Exclusive--Syrian Survivor of 2013 Sarin Gas Attack: Thank You, President Trump ’For Taking Action Against the Dictator’.
GO A survivor of an Aug. 21, 2013 Sarin gas attack on his village called “Moadhamiyeh” in West Damascus, Syria told Breitbart News he is grateful for President Donald Trump’s strike against the Syrian military, which is a complete turnaround from President Barack Obama’s puzzling acceptance of President Bashar Assad and his regime.
GO Disney CEO Bob Iger Refuses to Attend White House Forum.
GO Disney CEO Bob Iger, one of the few entertainment industry executives asked to attend President Donald Trump’s policy forum at the White House this week, will not be attending the event.
GO Fatah Spokesperson: Trump Moving U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem Will ‘Open the Gates of Hell’.
GO The Times of Israel reports: The spokesman for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas’s Fatah party on Saturday warned that if the Trump administration moves the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, it will “open the gates of hell.
GO The Night Berkeley Betrayed The Free Speech Movement - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday night, fires blazed across the University of California, Berkeley campus, the site of the student Free Speech Movement of the 1960s, as protesters violently derailed the finale of MILO’s college lecture tour.
GO KASSAM: ‘America, Use Trump Presidency to Save the World Again’.
GO Breitbart London editor in chief Raheem Kassam has urged Americans on the Breitbart News Daily radio show to get inspired by the Trump victory and use the momentum to save the world from the “suicidal philosophy of multiculturalism.
GO California Man Arrested for Posting Deadpool Movie on Facebook - Breitbart.
GO Trevon Maurice Franklin, from Fresno, California, was arrested Tuesday by federal agents for posting the entirety of Deadpool on Facebook while it was still being shown in movie theaters.
GO Schumer: Obamacare Exchanges Are Having Problems Because of Trump and Republicans - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” Senate Minority Leader Senator Chuck Schumer ( ) argued that the Obamacare exchanges are having problems “because of what the Trump administration and the Republicans are doing.
GO Uber Driver Taken Hostage by Bank Robber Livestreams Kidnapping on Facebook - Breitbart.
GO An Uber driver who was taken hostage by an alleged   bank robber livestreamed the ordeal on Facebook in an attempt to alert police.
GO Suggestion Pope Benedict XVI Resigned Under Obama ‘Pressure’.
GO An Italian archbishop close to Pope Benedict XVI has claimed that the Obama administration may have been complicit in the “tremendous pressures” that led the former pope to resign in 2013.
GO Rob Reiner: We Cannot Allow Trump’s ’Cancerous Presidency’ to ’Spread’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” actor and director Rob Reiner called Donald Trump’s White House “a cancerous presidency that we cannot allow to spread.
GO Cruz: Only Reason Sailors Were Seized by Iran Was ‘Because of the Weakness of Barack Obama’ - Breitbart.
GO This week on “Fox News Sunday,” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said the only reason Iran captured 10 America sailors last week was because of President Barack Obama’s “weakness.
GO Donald Trump: Time For Law Enforcement To Start Profiling Radical Muslims - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump wants American law enforcement to start profiling radical Muslims and stop being politically correct about the terrorist threat Americans face.
GO Orlando Police Chief: Some Victims May Have Been Hit by Police.
GO With rumors flying among survivors of Sunday morning’s attack on Orlando’s Pulse night club that jihadist Omar Mateen had not acted alone, police have confirmed that they are investigating whether some of the victims were killed by friendly fire.
GO MSNBC’s Kornacki: Dems Would Be Outraged If GOP Said The Same Thing Biden Did In 1992 - Breitbart.
GO MSNBC host Steve Kornacki argued that if Republicans took the same position on President Obama nominating a Supreme Court justice that Joe Biden did back in 1992, Democrats would be outraged and “Democrats are now saying the opposite of what they would have said before” on Monday’s “MTP Daily.
GO Second Presidential Debate: Five Questions to Expect - Breitbart.
GO The second presidential debate of the 2016 election will be held at Washington University in St. Louis on Sunday at 9 p. m. Eastern, and may be the most decisive of the three debates.
GO Officer Beaten, Hospitalized: Didn’t Use Gun for Fear of Backlash.
GO A female Chicago police officer who was beaten to the point of hospitalization Wednesday morning says she had the option of lethal force but did not use it for fear of public backlash.
GO Conway: The Left Is Trying to ’Discredit, Delegitimize’ Trump - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on Fox News Channel’s “Happening Now,”   Donald Trump’s transition team senior adviser Kellyanne Conway said, “It is very clear the political left is fomenting an opposition trying to discredit, delegitimize what is obviously the election.
GO Goldman Sachs Predicts Virtual Reality Industry to Reach $80 Billion by 2025 - Breitbart.
GO Leading investment bank Goldman Sachs has declared virtual reality and augmented reality technology as the future of the industry and the “next generation computing platform” in a video released by the company.
GO Obama’s Gun-Control Plan Includes Gun-Ban For Some Social Security Beneficiaries.
GO The White House released a   Jan. 4 which previews the executive gun control Obama will unveil Tuesday and one aspect of the new controls is the inclusion of “information from the Social Security Administration in the background check system about beneficiaries who are prohibited from possessing a firearm.
GO Ted Cruz: ‘Every Issue Is a Women’s Issue’.
GO One questioner in Tuesday night’s CNN town hall in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, pressed presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz on how he will win the women’s vote, to which he pointed to the plethora of strong women who have surrounded him throughout his life, as he stated that “every issue is a woman’s issue.
GO Eric Trump: ’My Father Will Build the Wall So Fast, People’s Heads Will Spin’ - Breitbart.
GO Eric Trump tells Breitbart News executive chairman and host Stephen K. Bannon his father and GOP frontrunner Donald Trump will do “incredibly well” on Super Tuesday and will immediately begin construction of a border wall to stem the extreme levels of illegal immigration flowing into the U. S.[“Right now, we’re leading in nine of the eleven states and we’re very close in the other two,” Trump said.
GO Cuba: Ladies in White Leader Berta Soler Arrested Without Cause - Breitbart.
GO Berta Soler, the leader of the   Cuban dissident group the Ladies in White, was arrested on Thursday after stepping outside her home, which is also the group’s headquarters.
GO Newt Gingrich: Trump Needs to Have a ’Very, Very Aggressive First Year’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said   Donald Trump needs to have a “very, very aggressive” first year in office to be successful.
GO Two Boys Found Living in Sewer in Washington State - Breitbart.
GO Utility workers say they found two boys living in an underground sewer outside of Seattle, Washington.
GO Muslim Shooter Called 9-1-1, Pledged Allegiance to ISIS al-Baghdadi.
GO Orlando shooter, Omar Mateen, called    just before opening fire on Pulse nightclub to pledge his allegiance to ISIS leader Abu   according to a report from Pete Williams at MSNBC.
GO Donald Trump: I Won’t Let Politicians Disarm the American People.
GO Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump used Facebook to release a new ad yesterday warning that politicians are incrementally weakening the Second Amendment and pledging that he will not allow Americans to be disarmed.
GO Whatever It Takes-Milo Yiannopoulos Joins Curt Schilling: ’Welcome to the Family’ - Breitbart.
GO It was the meeting of the iconoclasts Wednesday, when baseball flamethrower Curt Schilling was joined by Breitbart News Technology Editor Milo Yiannopoulos on Wednesday’s episode of Schilling’s new talk show Whatever It Takes.
GO 20-Year-Old in NC Planned to Murder Hundreds for Islamic State.
GO    Justin Nojan Sullivan pled guilty on Tuesday morning to a chilling terrorist plot in which he planned to use a silenced gun to murder hundreds of people in Virginia and North Carolina on behalf of the Islamic State.
GO Report: 200 Veterans Die Waiting for Care at Phoenix VA as They Build New Backlog of Cases - Breitbart.
GO The Phoenix Veterans Affairs office has built a new backlog of cases and has canceled appointments due to questionable reasons as more than 200 veterans died waiting for care in 2015, according to a new report released by the department’s inspector general.
GO Clift: Cruz ’Makes Donald Trump Look Like a Raving Liberal,’ ’Most Democrats’ Would Prefer Trump Over Cruz - Breitbart.
GO The Daily Beast’s Eleanor Clift argued that Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz “makes Donald Trump look like a raving liberal” and “most Democrats would look at the two of them, and would prefer Trump over Cruz” on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group.
GO Geert Wilders: Close All Mosques In The Netherlands.
GO Leader of Netherlands’ most popular party Geert Wilders has proposed a closure of all Mosques in the country and a total ban on the Koran ahead of the 2017 general election.
GO Trump: Rubio ’Not as Smart as Cruz, And May Be an Even Bigger Liar’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump went after rival Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) by calling him “an even bigger liar” than Sen. Ted Cruz ( ).
GO White House Won’t Commit to Stripping Bill Cosby’s Presidential Medal of Freedom - Breitbart.
GO Now that Bill Cosby, 78, has admitted drugging women, allegedly before he committed sexual assault, the White House allowed that it would consider a bill proposing stripping Cosby of his Presidential Medal of Freedom.
GO Kaine On Hillary Email Statements: ’If You Ask Somebody a Question 150 Times,’ ’There’s Going To Be Variations’ - Breitbart.
GO During an interview broadcast on Wednesday’s edition of NBC’s “Today Show,” Democratic vice presidential candidate Senator Tim Kaine ( ) responded to a question on untrue statements made by his running mate, Hillary Clinton, about her emails by saying, “if you ask somebody a question 150 times or 200 times, you’re going to be able to find that they don’t use exactly the same word every time, and there’s going to be variations, and then people are going to play on those.
GO Dr. Sebastian Gorka: We Will Lose a ‘Winnable’ War Against Jihad If We Refuse to ‘Talk About the Enemy as They Are’ - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart News National Security Editor Dr. Sebastian Gorka, author of Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War, appeared on Breitbart News Sunday to answer host Stephen K. Bannon’s challenge that, contrary to the title, his book doesn’t make the war against jihad sound very “winnable” at all.
GO Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Is Building a Panic Bunker at his Palo Alto Fortress - Breitbart.
GO Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg is reported to be building a panic bunker next to his home in Palo Alto, California after a series of recent security upgrades.
GO WATCH: Outrage Over Verdun Art Performance.
GO An art performance that saw over three thousand youths trample the graves of the war dead at Verdun and “fight” with each other has been widely condemned.
GO Virginia High School’s Confederate Flag Ban Sparks Flag Rally in Protest - Breitbart.
GO A Bedford County, Virginia, high school sparked a student rally in support of the Confederate flag after administrators enforced a ban of the historic banner.
GO NFL to Use Virtual Reality Diversity Training Where Staff Are Harassed by a White Man - Breitbart.
GO The NFL is pursuing plans to introduce virtual reality “diversity training” with its employees and players later this year, during which they will be required to play as a simulated black woman who gets harassed by a white male.
GO GOP Delegate: Primary, Caucus Results Won’t Determine Nominee, Delegates Will - Breitbart.
GO In an interview that aired on CNBC’s “Squawk Box” on Monday, Diana Orrock, a GOP delegate from Nevada and supporter of Republican presidential   Donald Trump, downplayed the role that primaries and caucuses play in selecting the eventual Republican presidential nominee.
GO Survey: Right Wing People More Likely to Be Sexually Satisfied - Breitbart.
GO Those who consider themselves as “very right wing” are more likely to have a satisfactory sex life, according to a new European survey by YouGov that interviewed over 19, 000 people.
GO Ford Tells Trump: We Will Not Move Lincoln Plant to Mexico.
GO   Donald Trump said Ford had called to reassure him that the company has decided not to move its Lincoln assembly operations from Louisville, Kentucky to Mexico.
GO No Charges Against Man Who Shot, Killed Former NFL Player Joe McKnight - Breitbart.
GO The man who shot and killed former NFL player Joe McKnight on Thursday afternoon was taken into custody only be released without charges overnight.
GO Watch Live: Donald Trump Holds Rally in Raleigh, NC - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is scheduled to hold a campaign rally at the Duke Energy Center for the Performing Arts in Raleigh, NC at 7:00 p. m. ET on Tuesday.
GO Wikileaks: Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience - Breitbart.
GO One of the emails contained in the Wikileaks’ Podesta email release shows that Hillary Clinton had gun control supporters planted in a town hall audience in Manchester, New Hampshire.
GO Angela Merkel’s Party Has Worst Result Ever In Berlin.
GO The Christian Democratic Union, the party of German Chancellor Angela Merkel, have had their worst election result ever in the German capital of Berlin.
GO Report: Child Services Widens Brad Pitt Child Abuse Investigation.
GO The Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services’s investigation of actor Brad Pitt’s alleged verbal and physical abuse of his children has been extended after new allegations were uncovered, according to a report.
GO Sam Stein: ’I Don’t Think Fake News Contributed’ To Hillary’s Loss - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Huffington Post Senior Politics Editor Sam Stein stated that he doesn’t think fake news “contributed” to Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s loss.
GO Cokie Roberts: ’More Romney Supporters Are For Trump Than Obama Supporters Are For Hillary’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” political commentator Cokie Roberts said Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton is having trouble with particularly young voters and noted that “more Romney supporters are for Trump than Obama supporters are for Hillary.
GO Veterans Brutally Attacked by Black Lives Matter, Says Army Staff Sergeant.
GO A U. S. Army National Guard staff sergeant says he and one of his Army veteran friends were assaulted by Black Lives Matter supporters in San Antonio, Texas, Thursday Evening.
GO Donald Trump, Paul Ryan Issue Joint Statement on Meeting, ’Great Opportunity to Unify’ - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan issued a joint statement following their meeting on Capitol Hill with Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus, saying that “there’s a great opportunity to unify our party,” and they “had a great conversation.
GO Ben Carson to Senate: Don’t Allow Obama to ’Diminish’ Antonin Scalia’s Legacy - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson released a statement Saturday on the passing of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, urging the Senate not to “allow President Obama to diminish his legacy by trying to nominate an individual who would carry on his wishes to subvert the will of the People.
GO Trump on Hillary’s Missing 33,000 Emails: ’That’s a Lot of Yoga’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday at a rally in Abingdon, VA, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump joked about his opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s claims she only deleted personal emails on her private server about things like yoga classes.
GO New York Post: Chelsea Clinton Being Groomed for Congress.
GO Emily Smith reports in the New York Post that the “Clinton political dynasty” isn’t “dead” yet.
GO Obama: Through Diplomacy, Without Another War, We Have Achieved Historic Progress With Iran - Breitbart.
GO Sunday from the White House President Barack Obama hailed the relations between America and Iran by citing his administrations nuclear deal and Iran’s release of American sailors and prisoners saying “Perhaps most important of all, we achieved this through diplomacy without resulting to another war in the Middle East.
GO U.S. Special Forces Fight Growing Islamic State in Libya.
GO U. S. Special Forces are fighting the growing threat posed by the Islamic State ( ) jihadist group in Libya.
GO The Hill: Breitbart Hosts Party For Ann Coulter’s ’In Trump We Trust’ As Globalist Elites Burn - Breitbart.
GO The Hill reports on Breitbart’s party for Ann Coulter’s book launch: Coulter, a hardline opponent of illegal immigration and one of Trump’s most prominent media backers, was speaking to The Hill at a party to launch her new book, “In Trump We Trust: E Pluribus Awesome!” In the book, Coulter writes that “there’s nothing Trump can do that won’t be forgiven.
GO Ted Cruz Wins Over 100 New Faith Leader Endorsements in Florida and Missouri - Breitbart.
GO GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz announced endorsements from more than 100 Missouri and Florida pastors and faith leaders on Monday, just ahead of Tuesday’s primary elections contests.
GO Watch: Moment Robot Detonates Pipe Bomb in Elizabeth, NJ.
GO Cameras caught the moment a law enforcement robot, working to disarm five pipe bombs found at the Elizabeth, New Jersey train station, accidentally detonated one of them early Monday morning.
GO Team Trump: ‘Fake News’ That Gen Flynn Met With Austrian Freedom Party Leader - Breitbart.
GO A spokesman for   Donald Trump’s transition team denies reports that Trump’s national security adviser General Michael Flynn had met with leaders of the Austrian Freedom Party.
GO Donald Trump: ’If I Were African-American, I Would Be so Angry’ at Obama - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump told a room full of supporters Friday that if he were president, he “will do more for the   people in one year than Barack Obama has done in his seven year, soon to be eight years.
GO Polish Experts: ’Europe is at The End of its Existence. Western Europe is Practically Dead’.
GO Speaking to Polish television, a former member of Poland’s   police and an academic expert on information warfare and terrorism have articulated their concern about the intellectual and spiritual collapse of European civilisation, remarking it is “at the end of its existence”.
GO Ted Cruz: Senate Can’t Let Democrats Use Scalia’s Death to Erase 2nd Amendment - Breitbart.
GO During the February 14 airing of This Week with George Stephanopoulos, Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) stressed that the Senate cannot allow Democrats to use Antonin Scalia’s death to erase the Second Amendment by writing it out of the constitution.
GO WikiLeaks: Obama Rejected Hillary Clinton’s Executive Gun Control Plan.
GO An email from WikiLeaks’ Podesta release shows Hillary Clinton’s campaign staff exasperated by President Obama’s rejection of Clinton’s executive gun control plan.
GO Krauthammer: Hillary Needs ’Lying Lessons From Her Husband’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” columnist Charles Krauthammer said Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton needs “lying lessons from her husband, who was one of the great liars of all time.
GO Gutfeld: You Don’t Belong In Media, If You Don’t Think Trump Camp’s ’Grotesque,’ ’Sopranos’ Threats Against Kelly Are a Big Deal - Breitbart.
GO Fox News Channel host Greg Gutfeld argued that GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump’s campaign made a “grotesque,” “Sopranos in khakis,” “threat” against FNC host Megyn Kelly and “if you don’t think this was a big deal, you do not belong in this profession.
GO Ben Carson Slams Clinton Plan to Move Syrian Refugees to Detroit: ’We Need to Take Care of Our Own People’ First - Breitbart.
GO Commenting on former president Bill Clinton’s suggestion that Detroit should be repopulated with and rebuilt by refugees from Syria, Dr. Ben Carson told Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM that “we need to take care of our own people.
GO John Bolton: Obama Administration Denying Jerusalem Is in Israel Was ‘Thumb in the Eye to Bibi Netanyahu’ - Breitbart.
GO Former U. N. ambassador John Bolton told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily that the Obama White House’s redacted press release removing reference to Jerusalem’s location in Israel was a “thumb in the eye” to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
GO 2 Men Fall off Cliff Playing Pokémon Go near San Diego.
GO Two men fell off a cliff in Encinitas, near San Diego, on Thursday while playing the wildly popular new mobile game, Pokémon Go.
GO Pat Buchanan: GOP Elites Not Attending Convention Because Trump’s ’Insurrection’ Against Romney/Ryan Wing on Trade, Immigration, Foreign Policy Succeeded - Breitbart.
GO Conservative commentator and former GOP presidential candidate Pat Buchanan argued this weekend that GOP elites who represent the globalist wing of the party will not attend this year’s convention because Donald Trump’s insurrection against them on trade, immigration, and foreign policy has succeeded.
GO Flashback: Obama Says ’Our War In Afghanistan Will Be Over’ By End of 2014 - Breitbart.
GO During the 2013 State of the Union Address, President Obama said, “by the end of next year, our war in Afghanistan will be over.
GO Texas Father and Son Killed in France Terrorist Attack.
GO A Texas father and his son were killed when they were mowed down by a terrorist in the Nice, France attack.
GO Vincent Viola, Nominee for Army Secretary, Drops Out - The New York Times.
GO Vincent Viola, a billionaire Wall Street trader and President Trump’s nominee for secretary of the Army, abruptly withdrew his name for the post on Friday night after concluding it would be too difficult to untangle himself from his business ties, two government officials said.
GO White House Says Bathrobe Anecdote Is All Wet - The New York Times.
GO ■ The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, took aim on Monday afternoon at a New York Times story that described President Trump watching television in his bathrobe.
GO Spring Weather? Snowstorm? New York Schools to Close on Thursday - The New York Times.
GO The   weather in New York City saw a   62 degrees on Wednesday, but a significant snowstorm expected to move in overnight prompted Mayor Bill de Blasio to close schools on Thursday.
GO Mother Jones Is Named Magazine of the Year - The New York Times.
GO Mother Jones was named magazine of the year on Tuesday for finding “new ways to engage audiences and continue its practice of fearless journalism,” the sponsors of the National Magazine Awards announced.
GO Former A.I.G. Executives Reach Settlement in Accounting Fraud Case - The New York Times.
GO Maurice R. Greenberg, the former chief executive of American International Group, reached an unexpected settlement ending a tumultuous,   battle over civil accounting fraud charges first brought in 2005 by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
GO Six New England Patriots Say They Will Skip a White House Visit - The New York Times.
GO At least six members of the Super   New England Patriots have said they will not visit the White House for the traditional meeting that championship teams have with the president.
GO David Oyelowo on How to Play a Real King - The New York Times.
GO In “A United Kingdom,” David Oyelowo plays Seretse Khama, the   king of Botswana (then a British protectorate known as Bechuanaland) who set off an international crisis in 1948, when he married Ruth Williams, a white British clerk.
GO Pedro Hernandez Found Guilty of Kidnapping and Killing Etan Patz in 1979 - The New York Times.
GO Pedro Hernandez, a former bodega stock clerk who confessed to luring    Etan Patz into a basement and attacking him, was found guilty on Tuesday of murder and kidnapping, a   step toward closure in a case that bedeviled investigators for decades and changed forever the way parents watched over their children.
GO What Cats Think of the Dog Show - The New York Times.
GO Some would say that the true stars of this year’s Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, which arrived in New York this week, are the cats.
GO Tribal Leader Threatens Protest If Border Wall Is Built.
GO A tribal leader is threatening protests if the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) begins construction of President Donald Trump’s proposed border wall.
GO Ashley Judd: Trump’s Election Victory Worse than Being Raped.
GO Actress and   activist Ashley Judd says the “tragedy” of Donald Trump’s election victory is far worse than an experience from her childhood in which she was raped.
GO USA Today: NFL Needs Colin Kaepernick - Breitbart.
GO The NFL needs to get its “priorities in order,” and a team should hire Colin Kaepernick because many league players have criminal backgrounds, according to USA Today.
GO Donald Trump Recognizes American Tourist Killed In London Terror Attack.
GO President Donald Trump recognized the death of Kurt Cochran, an American citizen that was killed in the terror attack in London on Wednesday.
GO Waffle House Waitress Fired After Shooting Gun During Alleged Robbery - Breitbart.
GO A waitress was fired after retrieving a gun for   during an alleged robbery at a Waffle House restaurant in Coweta County, Georgia.
GO Texas Governor Signs Law to Crackdown on Teacher Sex Misconduct.
GO Texas Governor Greg Abbott signed a bill into law Thursday that crack downs on the vexing epidemic of sexual misconduct by the state’s teachers with students.
GO Dem Rep Meeks: Trump Is Using Similar Tactics as Putin, Hugo Chavez Against the Press - Breitbart.
GO Rep. Gregory Meeks ( ) claimed Saturday on MSNBC that President Donald Trump is using similar tactics as Russian President Vladimir Putin and former Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in attacks against the press.
GO Geert Wilders Will Not Be Prosecuted For 2015 Austrian Speech.
GO Dutch prosecutors have announced they will not be pursuing charges against firebrand Dutch politician Geert Wilders for a speech he made in Austria in 2015.
GO Huffington Post Won’t Drop Article Claiming Jew Poisoned Muhammad.
GO The Huffington Post has refused to remove an article on its Arabic website that claims the Islamic prophet Muhammad was poisoned by a Jew.
GO MILO: The Difference Between Conservatives and Democrats is ’We Don’t Think the Working Class is Evil’ - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO claimed that “the difference between conservatives and the new breed of Democrats is that we don’t think the working class is evil,” during his talk at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs tonight.
GO Fashion Industry CEO: Supporting Planned Parenthood Is a ‘Civic Responsibility’.
GO The CEO of the trade association for American fashion designers says supporting Planned Parenthood is a “civic responsibility,” since the abortion business faces the possible elimination of its taxpayer funding.
GO GOP Rep Gohmert to Trump: Work with Freedom Caucus, We Stood By When Priebus, Ryan ’Abandoned’ You - Breitbart.
GO On Fox News Channel’s “Sunday Morning Futures,” House Freedom Caucus Member Sen. Louie Gohmert ( ) urged President Donald Trump to work with the freedom caucus instead of establishment Republican leaders like House Speaker Paul Ryan and White House chief of staff Reince Priebus.
GO Robert Reich: ’Absurd’ to Say Obamacare Was ’A Burden to People’ - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “AC360,” former Labor Secretary Robert Reich asked, “how can you possibly say that Obamacare, the Affordable Care Act actually was cruel or a burden to people?
GO Merkel Will Pay Migrants Millions To Leave Germany.
GO Chancellor Angela Merkel is setting aside €90m (£76m) in taxpayers’ money to create a fund which will pay migrants to withdraw their asylum applications and leave Germany voluntarily.
GO Star Jones to Barron Trump: ’There Is a Lot to Have Been Embarrassed About If That Was Your Father’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday on ABC’s “The View,” former   and executive producer of the upcoming VH1 series “Daytime Divas” Star Jones said of reports that President Donald Trump’s    son Barron Trump was upset when he saw the controversial photo of comedian Kathy Griffin holding up a bloody mask of his father, “There is a lot to have been embarrassed about if that was your father.
GO Donald Trump Meets with Victims of Obamacare at the White House.
GO President Donald Trump hosted a listening session at the White House to highlight the problems with Obamacare, as Americans continue to suffer from higher insurance premiums, higher deductibles and less coverage.
GO Daniel Defense: Second Amendment Rights Come From God, Not Government - Breitbart.
GO During the 2017 NRA Annual Meetings in Atlanta, Daniel Defense president and CEO Marty Daniel affirmed his conviction that Second Amendment rights come from God, not from government.
GO Capitol Police Officer Henry Cabrera Who Stopped Alexandria Shooter Is an Army Veteran.
GO Special Agent Henry Cabrera, a third Capitol Police officer who helped stop the massacre of GOP congressmen and their staff during baseball practice in Alexandria, VA, on Wednesday, went mostly overlooked.
GO Julian Assange: The CIA Director Is Waging War on Truth-Tellers Like WikiLeaks - Breitbart.
GO Writing at the Washington Post, WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange argues the CIA is declaring war on free speech by targeting WikiLeaks in retaliation for the exposure of embarrassing information included in the organization’s Vault 7 data dump on the CIA:[Mike Pompeo, in his first speech as director of the CIA, chose to declare war on free speech rather than on the United States’ actual adversaries.
GO Obama’s Solicitor General: Neil Gorsuch ’Thoughtful &amp Brilliant’.
GO Neal Katyal, who served under President Barack Obama as acting Solicitor General of the United States, praised President Donald Trump’s selection of Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the seat on the U. S. Supreme Court formerly held by Justice Antonin Scalia.
GO Report: Trump Admin Preparing to Strike North Korea if Nuclear Test Occurs - Breitbart.
GO An NBC News report citing “military sources” claims Donald Trump and senior military officials are prepared to launch a preemptive conventional strike against North Korea if the country carries out another nuclear weapons test.
GO Priebus: Trump Doesn’t Want to ’Meddle with Medicare or Social Security’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” incoming White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said   Donald Trump does not want to “meddle with Medicare or Social Security.
GO CNN’s Tapper: Obamacare Was Sold In a Way That ’Was, In Many Ways, Mendacious’ - Breitbart.
GO During CNN’s coverage of Thursday’s AHCA vote, anchor Jake Tapper stated that Obamacare was sold to the American people in a manner that “was, in many ways, mendacious.
GO Amazon Claims Web Shutdown Was Due to Typo - Breitbart.
GO Amazon claims that the shutdown on Tuesday of over one million websites who use the company’s   service was due to an employee “typo.
GO Jeff Bezos Wants to Improve Amazon Delivery Service... to the Moon - Breitbart.
GO Amazon boss Jeff Bezos wants to apply the same principles used in Amazon’s developing delivery services to bring supplies to the future population of the moon.
GO Rasmussen: Over Half Think Leaking Classified Information to Media Is an ’Act of Treason’ - Breitbart.
GO More than half of voters think leaking classified information to media outlets is an “act of treason,” a Rasmussen Reports poll released Wednesday finds.
GO Five Illegal Aliens Arrested After Shooting Woman 13 Times, Say Police.
GO Police in George, Washington State, have arrested five illegal aliens wanted in connection with the murder of a woman allegedly shot 13 times.
GO Trump Administration: Islamic State Defeat Remains Primary Focus in Syria - Breitbart.
GO Defeating the Islamic State ( ) remains the United States’ primary goal in Syria, not toppling the country’s dictator Bashar   according to   officials in President Donald Trump’s administration.
GO Report: Trans Jenner to Attend Donald Trump’s Inauguration.
GO Gold medal Olympian turned reality TV star Caitlyn Jenner, formerly known as Bruce Jenner, has reportedly accepted an invitation to attend Donald Trump’s inauguration.
GO Chris Evans on Trump Presidency: ’I Feel Rage. I Feel Fury’.
GO Captain America star Chris Evans shared his feelings about Donald Trump’s presidency in a   interview this week, explaining that he still finds the Republican billionaire’s political rise “unbelievable.
GO Sessions: ’I Did Not Recuse Myself From Defending My Honor Against Scurrilous and False Allegations’ - Breitbart.
GO During his testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions stated his recusal from the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election, “does not, and cannot interfere with my ability to oversee the Department of Justice, including the FBI,” and that “I did not recuse myself from defending my honor against scurrilous and false allegations.
GO Joel Pollak on What He Saw at the Trump Revolution: ‘How Trump Won’.
GO Breitbart News Senior    Joel Pollak was a Breitbart News Daily guest on Tuesday to talk about his new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution.
GO Rand Paul: Another Senator Was Surveilled by the Obama Administration - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Rand Paul ( ) earlier this week revealed that another senator had told him that he was surveilled by the Obama administration.
GO Trump to Paul Ryan: Get NATO to ’Pay Their Bills’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday in Kenosha, WI at the world headquarters of   Inc. President Donald Trump called on House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) who is on a bipartisan congressional trip visiting NATO countries, to get members of NATO “to pay their bills.
GO Six Things Betsy DeVos Can Do to Show She Is ‘Certainly Not a Supporter’ of Common Core.
GO Betsy DeVos announced upon her nomination as U. S. education secretary that she is “certainly not a supporter” of Common Core, even though the organizations she funded and supported through her service are avid proponents of the controversial education reform.
GO Report: George Soros Tied to More Than 50 ‘Partners’ of Anti-Trump Women’s March.
GO Billionaire George Soros has provided financing to or has close relationships with at least 56 “partners” of Saturday’s “Women’s March on Washington,” according to a report at a website affiliated with the New York Times.
GO Venezuela: Protesters Burn Down Hugo Chavez’s Childhood Home.
GO   protesters in Venezuela’s Barinas state burned down the childhood home of late dictator Hugo Chávez on Monday, as well as the old home of his grandmother, and attacked a number of government buildings with Molotov cocktails.
GO Conway: Dems Have Time to ‘Cry and Weep’ at Airports But Not Vote on Trump Nominations - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on Fox News Channel’s’“Media Buzz,” White House aide Kellyanne Conway criticized Democratic politicians that “have time to go and cry and weep at the airports” to protest President Donald Trump’s executive order, but not the time to vote on Trump’s cabinet nominees.
GO Cecile Richards Credits Planned Parenthood Supporters with Stopping AHCA - Breitbart.
GO Immediately after the cancellation of the House vote on the American Health Care Act (AHCA) Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards sent out a fundraising email to her supporters, crediting them with stopping the vote on the bill.
GO Snapchat Files $3 Billion IPO, But May Never Be Profitable.
GO Started by two roommates in a Stanford dorm in 2011, Snapchat’s parent, Snap, Inc. filed with the SEC last week for a $3 billion initial public offering (IPO) but admit the company may never make a profit.
GO UC Berkeley Professor Banned From Wikipedia Over Anti-Trump Edit Project - Breitbart.
GO A UC Berkeley professor has come under fire after a Wikipedia edit project for one of his courses branded President Donald Trump “racist” and “sexist.
GO Trump: ’I Inherited a Mess’ - Breitbart.
GO During his Thursday press conference naming Alexander Acosta his nominee to be Secretary of Labor, President Donald Trump discussed the state of the country when he entered office, saying he “inherited a mess.
GO MSNBC’s Ruhle: ’Fair To Say’ ’Many’ In Hollywood ’Out of Touch’ With Average Americans - Breitbart.
GO On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “MSNBC Live,” host Stephanie Ruhle reacted to Meryl Streep’s speech at the previous night’s Golden Globes by saying “it’s fair to say there are many people in Hollywood that are now out of touch” with average Americans.
GO Gorka: Story That Secretary of State Tillerson Refuses Eye Contact with Diplomats Is ‘Fake News’.
GO On Friday’s Breitbart News Daily, SiriusXM host Alex Marlow read Dr. Sebastian Gorka a quote from a Washington Post article about Secretary of State Rex Tillerson: “Many career diplomats say they still have not met him, and some have been instructed not to speak to him directly or even make eye contact.
GO President Trump Quietly Rolling Back Obama-Era Gun Controls.
GO While rolling back onerous   environmental and business regulations, President Donald Trump has also been quietly dropping gun controls which were either put in place or at least prolonged by the Obama administration.
GO Executive Order: Trump Has No Choice but to Go to Supreme Court.
GO President Donald Trump responded swiftly to Thursday’s ruling by the Ninth Circuit upholding a temporary restraining order against his executive order restricting travel from   countries: “SEE YOU IN COURT.
GO Joss Whedon: ’I Want a Rhino to F*ck Paul Ryan to Death’.
GO Filmmaker Joss Whedon let loose on House Speaker Paul Ryan on Twitter this week, wishing him an unfortunate death at the hands of a certain horned mammal.
GO Deported Italian Mobster Caught Sneaking Across U.S.-Mexico Border.
GO A previously deported Italian mobster has been arrested trying to illegally enter the U. S. by sneaking across the porous border with Mexico.
GO Seth Rogen: ’Important to Normalize Dissent’ Against Trump.
GO Canadian actor and filmmaker Seth Rogen believes it is important that resistance to Donald Trump’s presidency and his policy agenda be “normalized.
GO Sheriff: Be Armed, Be Mentally Prepared, Make Terrorists Defend Their Lives for a Change - Breitbart.
GO Florida’s Brevard County Sheriff Wayne Ivey is urging   Americans to arm up, get familiar with their firearm, and be ready to make terrorists worry about defending their own lives, for a change.
GO WaPo’s Gerson: Trump Will Either ’Cause a Constitutional Crisis or Have a Completely Incompetent Presidency’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” Washington Post columnist Michael Gerson said once in office,   Donald Trump will cause a “constitutional crisis or have a completely incompetent presidency.
GO Times Journo Calls for Assassination of President Trump.
GO Times columnist and author India Knight has called for the assassination of U. S. President, Donald J. Trump.
GO Jewish Voter Threatened By Crowbar Weilding Man Shouting ’Kill All the Jews’ at London Polling Station.
GO A man was arrested outside a polling station Thursday evening, after shouting   abuse at a Jewish voter and threatening people with a crowbar.
GO Chuck Schumer on Withdrawal from Paris Agreement: ‘Trump to Earth: Drop Dead’ - Breitbart.
GO Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) posted a mock newspaper page on Twitter implying that the U. S. withdrawal from the Paris Climate Change Agreement was telling the Earth to “Drop Dead.
GO Evergreen State College Protester Arrested on Main Campus Plaza - Breitbart.
GO A protester was arrested during a demonstration that took place on Evergreen State College’s main campus plaza on Friday afternoon.
GO Chuck Todd to Perez: ’You Didn’t Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is’ in Montana House Race - Breitbart.
GO During an interview with DNC Chairman Tom Perez on Thursday’s edition of MSNBC’s “MTP Daily,” host Chuck Todd asked Perez why he didn’t take the Montana special election for the US House “seriously” sooner, and told Perez “you didn’t put your money where your mouth is.
GO Yazidis to Anti-Trumpers: Where Were You During Genocide Against Us?.
GO Outrage over President Donald Trump’s executive order prioritizing refugee claims by persecuted religious minorities has puzzled activists from Iraq’s Yazidi community, who note the lack of major protests against the brutal massacre of thousands of Yazidis and Christians by the Islamic State.
GO How Donald Trump Turned the Tax Code Into a Giant Tax Shelter - The New York Times.
GO Now we know: Donald J. Trump racked up losses so huge in the early 1990s that he wouldn’t have had to pay federal or New York State income tax on nearly a billion dollars in income.
GO After Mike Pence’s Debate Showing, Donald Trump Takes Credit - The New York Times.
GO Donald J. Trump hailed Mike Pence’s steady debate performance as a credit to his own judgment on Wednesday in a renewed attempt to allay voters’ concerns about his temperament and readiness for the presidency.
GO Objects From New York’s Buried Past Find a New Home in Midtown - The New York Times.
GO From a   mold used in sugar refining to an oversize oyster, a    spear tip to a   Transferware teapot and a bone from a passenger pigeon, which was once the most abundant bird in North America but was declared extinct in 1914, New York City has cataloged and digitized a vast archive of its buried past.
GO 2 Police Officers Are Shot and Killed in Palm Springs, Calif. - The New York Times.
GO The police in Palm Springs, Calif. are mourning two officers who were shot and killed on Saturday while responding to a call about a domestic disturbance.
GO Pedals the Walking Bear Said to Be Killed by a Hunter in New Jersey - The New York Times.
GO Pedals, a beloved American black bear who walked upright and strolled around the suburbs of New Jersey like a   cartoon come to life, was believed to have been killed by a hunter last week, animal welfare activists said.
GO Fifth Avenue in Front of Trump Tower Will Stay Open, de Blasio Says - The New York Times.
GO The stretch of Fifth Avenue in front of   Donald J. Trump’s home in Trump Tower will remain open to vehicle traffic for the foreseeable future, Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York said on Friday.
GO Donald Trump Agrees to Pay $25 Million in Trump University Settlement - The New York Times.
GO Donald J. Trump has reversed course and agreed on Friday to pay $25 million to settle a series of lawsuits stemming from his defunct   education venture, Trump University, finally putting to rest fraud allegations by former students, which have dogged him for years and hampered his presidential campaign.
GO Local Transmission of Zika Virus Is Reported in Texas - The New York Times.
GO A probable case of local transmission of the Zika virus has been reported in Texas, state health officials announced on Monday, making it the second state, after Florida, in which the infection is thought to have been carried from person to person by mosquitoes.
GO Drop in Gang Violence Drove New York City Shootings Below 1,000 in 2016 - The New York Times.
GO A steep drop in gang violence last year drove shootings in New York City to the lowest number in at least a   Police Department data shows, a result of what police officials say has been a focus on gang takedowns and targeted arrests in some of the city’s roughest neighborhoods.
GO City to Close or Merge 9 Schools That Were in Support Program - The New York Times.
GO The city’s Education Department plans to close or merge nine schools next year that are part of its   turnaround initiative, among a group of 22 schools to be closed or merged, according to a document obtained by The New York Times.
GO Artists and Critics Call for Culture ‘Strike’ on Inauguration Day - The New York Times.
GO More than 130 artists and critics have signed a petition calling for cultural institutions to close on Friday, Jan. 20, the day of   Donald J. Trump’s inauguration.
GO Trump National Security Adviser Called Russian Envoy Day Before Sanctions Were Imposed - The New York Times.
GO ■ The national security adviser appointed by   Donald J. Trump called a Russian envoy the day before sanctions were imposed on Russia for meddling in the election.
GO Florida Man Strangled Wife, Then Impersonated Her on Facebook, Police Say - The New York Times.
GO A Florida man has been charged with murder after strangling his wife during an argument and then posting messages on her Facebook page under her name to try to fool her friends and family about her absence, the police said.
GO Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 - The New York Times.
GO Tony Rosato, who was a cast member of the sketch shows “Saturday Night Live” and “SCTV” in the 1980s, but whose career ground to a halt when mental illness led to his incarceration in the 2000s, died on Tuesday at his home in Toronto.
GO Transcript: President Obama on What Books Mean to Him - The New York Times.
GO Michiko Kakutani, the chief book critic for The New York Times, interviewed President Obama about literature on Friday at the White House.
GO Poll: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton Tied in Nevada Post-Debate - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are statistically tied in the battleground state of Nevada, according to a new   poll published Saturday.
GO 3-Time Deportee Arrested in Texas Shooting Spree -- 2 Dead.
GO A Mexican national who has been previously deported at least three times was arrested in connection to a north Texas shooting and crime spree.
GO Cruz: ’I Don’t Intend To Insult Donald Trump’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said of the rivalry between himself and GOP   Donald Trump, “I don’t intend to insult Donald Trump.
GO Paul Ryan Has Already Broken His New Year’s Resolutions.
GO Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan has released his New Year’s resolutions for 2016, which include advancing a conservative agenda and building on the success that he claims he has had since he was elected Speaker in October.
GO O’Reilly: Obama ’Hurt the USA’ With His ’Emotional Attachment to the Muslim World’ - Breitbart.
GO The Fox News Channel’s Bill O’Reilly argued President Obama’s “emotional attachment to the Muslim world has hurt the USA” during Wednesday’s “Talking Points” segment.
GO University of Wisconsin to Offer ’The Problem of Whiteness’ Course - Breitbart.
GO The University of Wisconsin, Madison is offering a course in the spring semester entitled “The Problem of Whiteness,” which aims to ask “what an ethical white identity entails, what it means to be #woke, and consider the journal Race Traitor’s motto, ‘treason to whiteness is loyalty to humanity.
GO Cruz: Trump Attacked My Wife Because He’s ’Scared’ - Breitbart.
GO On “Fox News Sunday,” Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said his rival Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is attacking his wife Heidi Cruz, because he is “scared.
GO New York Times: ‘Ethical Imperative’ for Clintons to Distance Themselves from Foundation.
GO The New York Times calls for the Clinton family to do more to distance themselves from the Clinton Foundation, calling it an “ethical imperative” as she continues to run for president.
GO Michael Eric Dyson: Police ’Authority Has Spilled Over Into Terrorizing’ African-Americans - Breitbart.
GO Sunday, on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” while commenting on the recent fatal police shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota, Georgetown Professor Michael Eric Dyson said police “authority has spilled over into terrorizing impulses and impacts among   culture, and I wanted to talk about the vulnerability we feel.
GO Michael Isikoff: NBC Should Broadcast Original Juanita Broaddrick Interview - Breitbart.
GO Former NBC reporter Michael Isikoff is urging the network to broadcast the 1999   interview with Juanita Broaddrick where she said she was raped by Bill Clinton.
GO Rasmussen Poll: Trump Leading by Two Points - Breitbart.
GO The new Rasmussen reports tracking poll shows that Donald Trump is now leading Hillary Clinton by two points.
GO NBC’s Kristen Welker: ’No Doubt’ Brexit Vote Making Democrats ’Jittery’ - Breitbart.
GO According to NBC News White House Correspondent Kristen Welker, the United Kingdom’s vote to separate from the E. U. has made Democrats “jittery.
GO What We Know About Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel, the Nice Attacker.
GO The driver who last night ploughed a   white Renault lorry through Bastille Day crowds in Nice has been named as Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel.
GO WILDERS: European Women Should Arm Themselves With Pepper Spray Against ‘Barbarians’ - Breitbart.
GO Dutch politician Geert Wilders has today called for European women to protect themselves with pepper spray on the back of the Cologne migrant rape scandal.
GO Glenn Beck: Donald Trump Is a ’Very Dangerous Man’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday on CNN’s “New Day,” conservative radio talk show host Glenn Beck said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is a “very dangerous man.
GO Trump: Hillary Clinton Will Be Under Investigation for Years - Breitbart.
GO Friday in Atkinson, NH, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton would be “under investigation for years.
GO Donald Trump on Defining the GOP: ‘What Difference Does It Make’ - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said he doesn’t like labels, when he was asked by CNN’s Anderson Cooper how he would define the GOP and whether or not he’s a conservative.
GO Former Immigration Officer: Many Illegals Can Vote with Fake Documents - Breitbart.
GO A former immigration officer says many illegal aliens can vote in national elections, in part because they can easily buy fake identification documents.
GO Donald Trump Tweets At Hillary Clinton: ’Where are Your 33,000 Emails that You Deleted’ - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is firing back, after presumptive Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton’s tweet telling him to delete his account after he criticized President Obama’s endorsement of Clinton on Thursday.
GO Condi Rice Has ’No Recollection’ of Powell Telling Clinton to Use Private Email.
GO Another former Secretary of State, Condoleeza Rice, has sided with Colin Powell against Hillary Clinton, saying she has “no recollection” of Powell advising Clinton to use private email, as Clinton had described to FBI investigators.
GO Peggy Noonan: Trump ‘Could Break’ the GOP - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on “CBS This Morning,” Wall Street Journal columnist and former speechwriter for President Ronald Reagan Peggy Noonan said the growing discontent between Republican presidential   Donald Trump and the   establishment wing could “break” the party.
GO National Institutes of Health: Zika Virus Is a ’Pandemic’.
GO The National Institutes of Health confirmed that the Zika virus outbreak has reached pandemic levels in Latin America.
GO Pressure on Mormon Tabernacle Choir to Back Out of Inauguration.
GO The Mormon Tabernacle Choir is facing intense pressure to pull out of performing at   Donald Trump’s inauguration as an online petition has gathered thousands of signatures.
GO Poll: Hillary Clinton Leads Donald Trump by Two In Florida - Breitbart.
GO In Florida, the latest poll released by   shows that Hillary Clinton is only leading Donald Trump by just two points.
GO Bernie Sanders: Being Labeled a Communist ‘One Of the Nicest Things’ Donald Trump Said - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Bernie Sanders told his Sunday night Democratic audience in Flint, Mich. that being called a communist by Donald Trump was “one of the nicest things that he said about me.
GO John McCain: ’I Don’t Know’ If Ted Cruz Is ’Natural Born’ Citizen - Breitbart.
GO The 2008 GOP nominee, Sen. John McCain ( ) says he doesn’t know if presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is eligible to run for President, since he was born in Canada.
GO Lawrence O’Donnell: Why Was Cheryl Mills Allowed To Sit In on Hillary’s FBI Interview When Mills Was ’A Suspect’? - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” MSNBC’s “The Last Word” host Lawrence O’Donnell stated of the FBI’s report on its investigation of Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s emails, “Cheryl Mills is one of the principals, investigators would call her a suspect at that point.
GO Germany: Educating Migrants To Cost €3 Billion A Year - Breitbart.
GO Educating newly arrived migrants is set to cost Germany €3 billion a year, a federal report has estimated.
GO PEGIDA Leader’s Twitter Account Hijacked By Turkish Nationalists.
GO Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Continent (PEGIDA) founder and leader Lutz Bachmann has seen his twitter account hijacked by Turkish   which they have used to accuse him of being a Nazi.
GO WATCH: Planned Parenthood Capitalizes on Zika Tragedy to Promote Abortion in Latin America.
GO Officials from the abortion giant Planned Parenthood are taking advantage of fears surrounding the Brazilian Zika crisis to push for the expansion of    throughout Latin America.
GO Teacher To Be Prosecuted For Calling Mohammed Child Molester.
GO A teacher in Austria will be charged for telling students Mohammed, the founder of Islam, was a child molester.
GO Hillary Clinton: ‘I Believe in Spirits’ - Breitbart.
GO Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton revealed that she believes in “spirits,” even though she is not sure about the existence of ghosts or aliens.
GO Police And Army Trade Unions Warn Of Effects Of Anti-Terror Operations, Police Strike Threatened.
GO Trade unions representing the army and the police in Belgium are warning of the effects on their members of ongoing   operations, with police unions even threatening to go on strike.
GO Court: Woman Paid for Drugs by Allowing Drug Dealer to Repeatedly Rape 11-Year-Old Daughter.
GO Calling it the “worst thing” she has ever seen, a disgusted judge in Ohio lambasted a woman after being found guilty of allowing her drug dealer to repeatedly rape her    daughter in exchange for drugs to feed her addiction.
GO John Legend: Trump Supporters are Like People Who Allowed Slavery to Happen in 19th Century - Breitbart.
GO Musician John Legend attempted to put Donald Trump’s popularity in historical perspective in an interview Tuesday, appearing to compare those who support the presumptive GOP presidential nominee to people in the 19th century who allowed slavery to continue without realizing it was an evil practice.
GO Robert Gibbs: It Wasn’t Racism, Hillary Lost Because She Had No Economic Message - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama’s former press secretary Robert Gibbs faulted Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign for failing to have a dynamic economic message that applied to working class voters, and ridiculed the suggestion that voters voted for Donald Trump because they were racists.
GO Trump Tower Lobby Evacuated by Police after Reports of Suspicious Package - Breitbart.
GO Visitors and workers were cleared out of Manhattan’s Trump Tower Tuesday afternoon shortly before 5 p. m. after a suspicious package was reported to the New York City Police Department, according to multiple media reports.
GO More Victims in Portland after Ethiopian Charged with Rape of 87 and 94-year-old - Breitbart.
GO An Ethiopian immigrant who was working as a Certified Nursing Assistant in Portland, Oregon is behind bars, charged with rape, unlawful sexual penetration and other sexual contact with patients who were 87 and 94 years old.
GO Phyllis Schlafly on 2016: America Won’t Get Another Chance - Breitbart.
GO With just hours left to go before Iowa caucus goers cast their votes, living legend and conservative icon Phyllis Schlalfy warns Iowa voters: 2016 may be America’s last chance.
GO Breitbart’s Aaron Klein: Steve Bannon Recruited Me to Counter Media Smears Against Israel - Breitbart.
GO Aaron Klein, chief editor of Breitbart Jerusalem, said in an interview Thursday that Steve Bannon recruited him to the news network with the goal of combatting distorted reporting against the Jewish state.
GO Just One in Ten Foreign Prisoners Are Being Tagged on Release.
GO Thousands of foreign prisoners due for deportation have been released into the community without being tagged, Theresa May has admitted, leaving the door wide open for their abscondment.
GO Joe Biden leaves the door open for a 2020 run.
GO Washington (CNN) Vice President Joe Biden said Monday he might not be going anywhere just yet, leaving the door open to a presidential run in 2020.
GO French Interior Minister Cazeneuve appointed prime minister.
GO Paris (CNN) French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has been appointed prime minister, the Elysee Palace said Tuesday, after Manuel Valls stepped down from the role to launch a presidential bid.
GO Why they’re staying: A win for Standing Rock, but not a victory.
GO Near Cannon Ball, North Dakota (CNN) The sweet taste of victory has already begun to sour at the Oceti Sakowin camp just north of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation.
GO US art teacher sketching Syria’s civil war.
GO London (CNN) A middle school art teacher in Illinois is gaining attention for his sketches of Syria’s more than    civil war.
GO Oakland fire: Warehouse not inspected in 30 years.
GO Oakland, California (CNN) The city of Oakland received repeated complaints over the years about the Ghost Ship warehouse, where 36 people were killed in a fire last week, but the building hadn’t been inspected in three decades, according to officials.
GO Obama, politicians mourn death of John Glenn .
GO Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama said that with the death of John Glenn, a former US senator and the first American to orbit the Earth, America ”lost an icon” and he and First Lady Michelle Obama ”lost a friend.” ”John spent his life breaking barriers, from defending our freedom as a decorated Marine Corps fighter pilot in World War II and Korea, to setting a transcontinental speed record, to becoming, at age 77, the oldest human to touch the stars,” Obama said in a statement from the White House on Thursday.
GO Slain police officers were best friends, in life and death.
GO Atlanta (CNN) The two   police officers killed this week in Georgia were best friends, with a deep bond throughout their lives and even to their deaths.
GO Istanbul explosions: 38 killed, 155 wounded.
GO Istanbul, Turkey (CNN) Breaking news update at 10:59 am ET: A Kurdish militant group has claimed responsibility for two bombings in Istanbul Saturday that killed at least 38 people, mostly police officers.
GO Nigeria church collapse kills at least 23.
GO Lagos, Nigeria (CNN) Officials have opened an investigation into how a church in the Nigerian city of Uyo collapsed during services Saturday, killing at least 23 people.
GO Conway: Trump won’t interfere with Capitol Hill investigations into Russia hacking.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s team maintains there is no evidence that Russia hackings favored him in the presidential race, but a top adviser also said the   would not ”interfere” in any congressional investigations into what happened.
GO Benghazi committee runs its course and ends.
GO Washington (CNN) The   special panel of lawmakers created to investigate the Benghazi attack and Hillary Clinton’s role in it has officially run its course and ceased operations.
GO Russian hacking and 2016 election, explained.
GO Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama has vowed the US will retaliate against Russia ”at a time and place of our own choosing” for Moscow’s hacking attempts to influence the country’s elections.
GO Why the Obama administration didn’t respond earlier to Russian hacks.
GO Washington (CNN) For months, Obama administration officials have debated how to respond to Russian hacks they believed were intended to undermine the US elections.
GO Kanye West meets with Donald Trump at Trump Tower.
GO Washington (CNN) Kanye West met with   Donald Trump on Tuesday, after he was spotted arriving at Trump Tower in New York City, only days after the rapper first came back into the public eye following his hospitalization.
GO Priebus to meet White House predecessors Friday.
GO Washington (CNN) Reince Priebus, Donald Trump’s selection to serve as chief of staff, will meet with his outgoing predecessor at the White House Friday as part of a larger session with former occupants of the top West Wing job, according to the White House.
GO Crowley once tweeted that Putin should hack Clinton’s emails.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s pick for senior director of strategic communications for the National Security Council once suggested Russian President Vladimir Putin should hack former Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s emails.
GO Obama’s year-end message: I did it right.
GO Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama wants America to know this: he did the right thing.
GO Electoral College set to make Trump’s win official .
GO Washington (CNN) The 538 members of the Electoral College are set on Monday to make   Donald Trump’s victory official.
GO Suicide bomber kills more than 50 in Yemen, ISIS claims responsibility.
GO Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) ISIS is claiming responsibility for a suicide bombing in Yemen Sunday that left dozens dead.
GO Poll: 55% of Americans bothered by Russian election hacking.
GO Washington (CNN) More than half of Americans say they’re bothered by Russian hacks of Democratic emails in an effort to help Donald Trump win the election, a new NBC   Street Journal poll shows.
GO Berlin attack: ISIS claims it inspired truck assault.
GO Berlin (CNN) German authorities released a man and intensified their manhunt for the person who plowed a   truck into a crowd at a Berlin Christmas market, even as ISIS claimed Tuesday that it inspired the attack.
GO Fallopian tubes may have big role in ovarian cancer fight.
GO Two thin tubes that connect the ovaries to the uterus have assumed an outsize role in the battle against ovarian cancer.
GO Atlanta lawyer’s bail set at $200,000 in wife’s shooting death.
GO Atlanta (CNN) An Atlanta lawyer faces charges of involuntary manslaughter and reckless conduct in the shooting death of his wife, police said.
GO Trump team expands search pool for No. 2 at State.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s transition team has expanded its search for the   command at the State Department, several sources familiar with the deliberation told CNN, as one of the leading candidates is facing resistance.
GO Bana Alabed: Aleppo girl meets Erdogan.
GO Hatay, Turkey (CNN) Bana Alabed, the    Syrian girl who brought the plight of Aleppo’s victims to the world, wrote the latest chapter in her extraordinary story by meeting Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Ankara.
GO Rockettes to perform at Trump’s inauguration.
GO Washington (CNN) Looks like   Donald Trump will be holding an Inauguration Day Spectacular.
GO Donald Trump tees up for golf with Tiger Woods.
GO Washington (CNN) As   Donald Trump preps the opening drives of his administration, he paused Friday to play some golf with Tiger Woods.
GO Poll: Merkel Eclipsed By Arch-Federalist Schulz in Race For Chancellor.
GO In a straight race between the two most popular candidates to fill Germany’s top political office,   member of the European Parliament and enthusiastic EU acolyte Martin Schulz would beat incumbent Angela Merkel, according to a new poll.
GO Trump Transition Team Demands List of Every Executive Order Obama Made on Immigration, Assets to Build Border Wall: Reuters - Breitbart.
GO The Trump transition team wants copies of every single executive order and directive outgoing President Obama ordered on immigration since he took office, along with several other documents that will let them assess how to beef up border security, according to a Reuters exclusive.
GO Pope Francis: Christianity Is ‘Not an Ideology’ but a ‘Journey of Faith’.
GO Pope Francis has refuted the idea of Christianity as a philosophy or political ideology, proposing rather that it is a journey of faith with its roots in the life, death and resurrection of Jesus.
GO ’Maduro Diet’: 3 Out of 4 Venezuelans Lost ’At Least 19 Pounds’ in 2016 - Breitbart.
GO A poll released this week among Venezuelan nationals found that 75 percent of Venezuelans reported losing “at least 19 pounds” in 2016, while 93 percent of Venezuelans said they do not have the money to secure three meals a day for themselves.
GO 1 in 5 Child Deaths In London Borough Caused by Parents Being ’Close Relatives’.
GO A new report from the London Borough of Redbridge has revealed almost one in five of all child deaths in the area since 2008 were down to their parents being close relatives.
GO Poll: English Patriotism Is on the Rise.
GO English patriotism is on the rise, with increasing numbers of people identifying as predominantly English rather than British, a survey has found.
GO GOP Sen Lee: I’m ’Frustrated’ by ’Lack of Transparency’ In GOP Healthcare Bill, ’Small Handful’ of Leadership Staffers Writing It - Breitbart.
GO In a Facebook video Senator Mike Lee ( ) said that even though he’s a part of the Senate’s healthcare working group, he hasn’t seen the healthcare bill the Senate is working on, and it has become clear that the bill isn’t being written by the group, but rather it’s being written by staffers of the Senate’s GOP leadership.
GO Ann Coulter: Taxpayers Supporting Leftist ’Thugs’ That Have Taken Over Universities - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing her canceled speech at the University of   conservative author Ann Coulter said, “people ought to be looking at,” taxpayers supporting the universities that have been taken over by leftist “thugs.
GO Pope Francis: The Cross Is ‘Not a Piece of Jewelry’ But Symbol of Christian Faith.
GO The Christian cross is “not an adornment for the house or a piece of jewelry to wear,” but a reminder of Christ’s love in saving mankind from evil and sin, Pope Francis said Sunday.
GO Hillary Clinton’s Campaign Lawyer Goes to Work for Soros-Funded Super PAC.
GO The lawyer who represented Hillary Clinton’s campaign and her doomed presidential election recount efforts has reportedly joined the board of a progressive super PAC financed by billionaire George Soros and focused in part on issues of voting rights.
GO Harvard Officials Accused of Stealing $100K of Funds for the Disabled.
GO Two administrators at Harvard University have been accused of embezzling $110, 000 of funding earmarked for disabled students, allegedly spending the money on cell phones, computers, and even sex toys.
GO Donald Trump to NATO: ‘Terrorism Must Be Stopped in Its Tracks’ - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump called for the NATO alliance to renew their struggle against radical Islamic terrorism, hosting a moment of silence in remembrance of the victims of the attack in Manchester.
GO Peter Thiel: Globalization is Over, ’It Feels so Dated’ - Breitbart.
GO Billionaire tech entrepreneur and adviser to President Trump, Peter Thiel, declared globalization to be over on Tuesday, claiming it’s “so 2005, it feels so dated.
GO Chicago Alderman Calls Flyers Urging Blacks to Report Illegal Immigrants to ICE ’Race-Baiting’.
GO Flyers urging Blacks in Chicago to report Hispanic illegal immigrants to U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is “” said a Chicago alderman.
GO Tapper to Bannon Saying Media Should Keep Mouth Shut and Listen: ’Ha, No.’ - Breitbart.
GO CNN anchor Jake Tapper reacted to chief strategist and senior counselor Steve Bannon’s statement that “The media should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut and just listen for awhile,” with “Ha, no.
GO Fake News: New York Times Targets Breitbart for Reporting Truth - Breitbart.
GO The New York Times ran a story on Saturday implicating Breitbart News in what it claimed was a misleading effort to state that former FBI Director James Comey had testified under oath that he had not been pressured to stop an investigation.
GO Charlie Crist: ‘God Would Be Pleased’ with Trump’s Shift on DREAMers - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” while discussing   Donald Trump saying “We’re going to work something out that’s going to make people happy and proud,” on so called DREAMers, children brought into the U. S. illegally by their parents, the former Republican Governor of Florida and the Democratic   Charlie Crist said, “God would be pleased,” with Trump’s seeming   softening on the issue of Dreamers.
GO California’s Big Sur, Highway 1 Closed By Massive Landslide - Breitbart.
GO A massive landslide in California’s Big Sur has closed a portion of scenic Highway 1, further isolating that region from the rest of the state and dealing a massive blow to tourism in the area.
GO Actress Sarah Wynter: GOP Wants to Allow Concealed Carry for the Blind, Mentally Ill.
GO Actress Sarah Wynter has warned that Republicans’ push for national reciprocity of concealed carry permits will mean the blind and mentally ill will be carrying guns.
GO GOP Sen Collins: House Healthcare Bill ’Dead on Arrival’ in Senate - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday in an interview with Yahoo News’ Katie Couric, Sen. Susan Collins ( ) said there was little hope in the U. S. Senate for the House GOP healthcare bill should it make its way out of the House.
GO Washington Post: Donald Trump’s Deportation Push Will Boost Mexicans’ Economy - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump’s new immigration policies will help grow Mexicans’ home economy, says a new report in the Washington Post.
GO Saudi Institute Reverses Decision to Allow Women to Wear Pants.
GO Management at the World Technology Institute for Women reportedly reversed its decision to temporarily allow its female students to wear pants on condition that the girls donate two Saudi Riyals ($0.
GO Brent Musburger: Olbermann Should Stick to Sports - Breitbart.
GO During the Thursday edition of “The Dan Patrick Show” on NBC Sports, retiring ESPN broadcaster Brent Musburger blasted former ESPN host and now GQ host Keith Olbermann over calling for President Donald Trump to resign.
GO CU Boulder Leftist Emails Threat to MILO Show Ticket-Holders: ’We Will Know Your Faces’ - Breitbart.
GO An anonymous and encrypted email address sent out a threat to attendees of Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s show at CU Boulder tonight, warning: “We know who you are, tonight we will know your faces.
GO Woody Harrelson Quits Smoking Pot after 30 Years.
GO Actor Woody Harrelson is almost as famous for his outspoken advocacy of marijuana as he is for his movie roles, but now, after 30 years of advocacy, Harrelson is swearing off pot.
GO High School Senior Headed for the Army Not Allowed to Wear Army Sash at Graduation - Breitbart.
GO A California high school senior headed for the Army is not allowed to wear an Army sash with his robe and mortarboard at his graduation Friday.
GO Unity: Bill and Hillary Clinton, George and Laura Bush to Attend Trump’s Inauguration.
GO Former President Bill Clinton and wife Hillary Clinton will attend   Donald Trump’s inauguration, according to several reports citing aides close to the Clintons.
GO ESPN SportsCenter Anchor Linda Cohn: Those Who Ignore Politics Problem at ESPN are ’Blind’ - Breitbart.
GO “SportsCenter” anchor Linda Cohn stated on Thursday what Breitbart News has been asserting for years: that ESPN’s constant insertion of politics in their sports coverage contributed to the network’s massive loss of subscribers over the last five years.
GO James Comey: I Documented Meeting with President Trump Because ‘He Might Lie’ - Breitbart.
GO Fired former FBI Director James Comey said during his appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday that he documented what was said in his meetings with President Donald Trump because the president ‘might lie’ about their discussions.
GO Son of Former Democratic VP Nominee Geraldine Ferraro Is Pardoned for 1988 Cocaine Conviction - Breitbart.
GO The governor of Vermont has pardoned the son of former Democratic vice presidential nominee Geraldine Ferraro almost 30 years after he was convicted of selling cocaine to an undercover officer while in college, the Daily Mail reported.
GO White House Floats 20 Percent Import Tax on Mexico to Pay for the Wall - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump’s administration is floating the idea of a 20 percent import tax on Mexico to help pay for a border wall on the U. S. southern border.
GO Graham: I’ll Do ’Whatever It Takes’ to Get Gorsuch Confirmed, If Dems Filibuster, ’We Would Have to Change the Rules’ - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s “Mike Gallagher Show,” Senator Lindsey Graham ( ) vowed that he would do “Whatever it takes” to get Judge Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court and that if the Democrats filibuster Gorsuch, “we would have to change the rules to have the Supreme Court like everybody else.
GO Gohmert: Congress Recessing Day After Comey Testified Left President Trump ‘To Dangle’.
GO Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) told Fox and Friends on Friday that Congress concluding business on Thursday and not being in session on the day after fired FBI Director James Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee that he leaked information about his private conversations with President Donald Trump left the president to “dangle.
GO Report: Melania and Barron Trump Will Move to the White House This Summer - Breitbart.
GO First Lady Melania Trump and son Barron will move to the White House this summer when Barron finishes school, according to a new report.
GO Bill Gates Calls for Robot Tax to Offset Jobs Lost to Automation - Breitbart.
GO Microsoft founder Bill Gates called for a robot tax to offset the loss of jobs done by humans as a result of advancements in automation during an interview with Quartz.
GO Previously Deported Alien, Brother Busted With 200 Pounds of Meth.
GO A joint law enforcement task force arrested a previously deported criminal alien and his brother for allegedly transporting nearly 200 pounds of methamphetamine.
GO NYT: Jared Kushner Omitted Meeting with Foreign Officials on Security Clearance Forms.
GO Jo Becker and Matthew Rosenberg report in the New York Times that President Trump’s    and senior adviser Jared Kushner omitted mention of his meetings foreign government officials when he filed his security clearance paperwork.
GO Principal Bars Pregnant Teen from Graduation: ‘Best Way to Love Her Is to Hold Her Accountable for Her Immorality’ - Breitbart.
GO The principal of a Christian school in Hagerstown, Maryland says that after “countless hours in prayer and discussion,” his board’s decision to bar a pregnant teen from walking at her graduation ceremony is holding her “accountable for her immorality” and is “the best way to love her.
GO Hillary Clinton Compares Herself to Wonder Woman.
GO Hillary Clinton compared herself to DC Comics superhero Wonder Woman Tuesday in a video message, which aired at the Women in Film Los Angeles’ Crystal + Lucy Awards in Beverly Hills.
GO Legal Analyst Philip Holloway: ‘We Do Not Need Hate Crime Laws’.
GO Philip Holloway, legal analyst, former prosecutor and police officer, and founder of the Holloway Law Group, told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Friday he does not believe America needs “hate crime laws.
GO Public University Threatened to Punish Student Over His Refusal to Remove Trump Sign from Dorm Window - Breitbart.
GO A student at the University of South Alabama is taking heat from administrators for failing to remove a Donald Trump sign from the window of his dorm room.
GO NAACP President Arrested During Sit-In at Jeff Sessions Office.
GO At least a   NAACP members, including the organization’s national president Cornell William Brooks, were arrested Tuesday night during a   demonstration in protest of Republican senator Jeff Sessions,   Donald Trump’s Attorney General nominee.
GO AFT President Weingarten: Trump’s Budget ’Takes a Meat Cleaver to Public Education’.
GO The president of the American Federation of Teachers (AFT) says President Donald Trump’s budget blueprint “takes a meat cleaver to public education.
GO Poll: After Brexit, Majority of Britons Would Vote To Leave the Eurovision Song Contest Too.
GO A series of opinion polls have found the majority of Brits if given the chance to vote on the matter, would choose to leave the Eurovision song contest.
GO Police One: Conditioning Britons to ’Run, Hide, Tell’ Does Not Demonstrate Resolve.
GO In the wake of the June 3 London Bridge attacks, Police One warns that conditioning Britons to “run, hide, tell” does not demonstrate resolve.
GO Report: Nearly 1 In 4 Young Women Have Stopped Shaving Their Armpits - Breitbart.
GO 23 percent of young women, or nearly 1 in 4, have stopped shaving their armpit hair, according to a report.
GO Dem Sen Murphy: I Worry That Trump’s Rhetoric Could Lead to An Attack Like Manchester in the US - Breitbart.
GO During a discussion of the attack in Manchester on Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Situation Room,” Senator Chris Murphy stated that “many of us are worried about some of the rhetoric of the Trump administration, because we worry that that combined with robust online recruitment might end up in an attack like this happening in the United States.
GO CNN’s Sciutto: Susan Rice Story Promoted By Trump Admin as a ’Distraction’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday on “Anderson Cooper 360,” CNN chief national security correspondent Jim Sciutto called a report that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice was behind the unmasking of identities of members of the Trump transition team in surveillance of foreign officials to be a distraction from a larger investigation of the Trump administration.
GO ATF Permanently Relocating More Agents to Violence-Plagued Chicago - Breitbart.
GO The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF) is permanently relocating more agents to   Chicago in the wake of the city’s nearly 800 homicides in 2016 and the upward trend in violence during January 2017.
GO Mark Cuban: Trump Is ’Political Chemotherapy’ for the System - Breitbart.
GO Friday on CNN’s “New Day,” billionaire businessman and “Shark Tank” star Mark Cuban said President Donald Trump was “political chemotherapy” for what the system.
GO Joy Behar: Trump’s Cutting Education ‘So We Can All Be as Dumb as He Is’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday on ABC’s “The View,”   Joy Behar said President Donald Trump wanted budget cuts to the Department of Education because he seeks to make us “as dumb as he is.
GO Fox News Moving Tucker Carlson to Megyn Kelly’s Timeslot.
GO Newly arrived Fox News host Tucker Carlson will take over the coveted 9 p. m.   left by the departure of Megyn Kelly, who is heading to NBC later this year.
GO Rappers to Settle Twitter Beef with $1M Boxing Match.
GO A heated social media battle between singer Chris Brown and rapper Soulja Boy will apparently now be settled in a reported $1 million celebrity boxing match.
GO Evan McMullin: President Donald Trump Is a ’Domestic Enemy’.
GO Former CIA operative and 2016   presidential candidate Evan McMullin took to Twitter and CNN on Wednesday to defend rogue intelligence agents who break the law to leak classified information, saying President Donald Trump “presents a threat to the country.
GO Boko Haram murder 24 at village funeral – mostly women.
GO Boko Haram militants have killed 24 people, mostly women, as they mourned at a funeral in a village in northern Nigeria, looting and burning their houses down.
GO Draymond Green avoids jail after reaching plea deal in assault case.
GO Golden State Warriors star Draymond Green will avoid jail time after reaching a plea deal with prosecutors following his arrest for slapping an MSU football player in East Lansing, Michigan earlier this month.
GO Brain implant helps paralysed man regain partial control of his hand.
GO A    man who was paralysed in an accident six years ago has regained some control of his hand using an implant that sends signals from his brain directly to the muscles that move his wrist and fingers.
GO Colson Whitehead leads National Book Awards fiction shortlist.
GO Colson Whitehead’s The Underground Railroad led the 2016 National Book Award shortlist on Thursday morning as expected.
GO Trump New York co-chair makes racist ’gorilla’ comment about Michelle Obama.
GO The   of Donald Trump’s New York state presidential campaign has denied that comments he made about Michelle Obama “being a male” who should be “let loose in the outback of Zimbabwe” to live “in a cave with Maxie, the gorilla” were racist.
GO Jay Z shades Phil Jackson’s ’posse’ remark at Sports Illustrated LeBron fete.
GO Jay Z took a shot at New York Knicks president Phil Jackson’s use of the term “posse” in reference to LeBron James’ business partners during his speech to introduce the Cleveland Cavaliers star as Sports Illustrated’s Sportperson of the Year on Monday night.
GO Zsa Zsa Gabor: oddly modern figure shaped contemporary celebrity.
GO Although she was born in the year of the Soviet revolution and her final claim to fame was longevity, Zsa Zsa Gabor, who has died at 99, was in many ways an oddly modern figure.
GO Miami Beach protests against use of Naled to fight Zika-carrying mosquitos.
GO Aerial spraying to kill   mosquitoes in Miami Beach is set to begin on Friday despite growing protests over the use of the controversial insecticide Naled, which is banned across Europe because of concerns over its safety.
GO ’No threat found’ after 19,000 students evacuated on Prince Edward Island.
GO More than 19, 000 students in the small Canadian province of Prince Edward Island were evacuated on Wednesday after police received a threat saying that bombs had been placed at a number of schools.
GO DeAndre Levy: my proudest moment was breaking ’dirtbag’ Joe Paterno’s leg.
GO Detroit Lions linebacker DeAndre Levy, one of the NFL’s most interesting players and an activist who speaks out for human rights and against domestic violence, has called breaking Joe Paterno’s leg “my proudest moment in college”.
GO Hundreds at New York mosque mourn woman murdered in ’hate crime’.
GO Hundreds of people gathered at a mosque in Queens, New York, on Friday to mourn a   old Bangladeshi woman murdered in what they say was a hate crime.
GO Brock Lesnar failed second doping test on night of UFC 200, promotion says.
GO The UFC says heavyweight Brock Lesnar failed a second doping test in a sample taken on the night of his victory over Mark Hunt at UFC 200.
GO US voters largely uninfluenced by meet-and-greet campaign stops, study finds.
GO Voters largely don’t know or care about the campaign visits of   presidents, according to a new study on the 2012 election that casts doubt on the benefits of the countless stops politicians make to meet Americans in diners and delis around the US.
GO Goat drowns in Alaska trying to escape from crowd snapping its picture.
GO A mountain goat in Alaska jumped into the ocean to get away from crowds snapping its picture, and the animal drowned when it couldn’t get back to land because of the crush of people on shore, troopers said.
GO Bob Bradley sacked as Swansea City manager after only 11 games in charge.
GO Swansea City are looking for their third manager of the season after Bob Bradley was dismissed only 85 days after taking over from Francesco Guidolin.
GO The violence in Turkey highlights the country’s many conflicts.
GO The attacks in Istanbul on Tuesday night came as a shock to many around the world but for a country that once prided itself as the Middle East’s     beacon of stability, conflict and bombings are starting to become the norm.
GO Clinton v Trump on the economy: speeches underscore competing visions.
GO Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump laid out their competing visions for the US economy in the past week, with varying degrees of detail and some surprising overlap.
GO Brazil’s reviled lower house speaker Eduardo Cunha resigns in tears.
GO Brazil’s lower house speaker Eduardo Cunha has resigned in tears less than three months after he orchestrated the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff.
GO Yahoo ’secretly monitored emails on behalf of the US government’.
GO Yahoo last year secretly built a custom software program to search all of its customers’ incoming emails for specific information at the request of US intelligence officials, according to a report.
GO US stock market closes at record high, rebounding from losses after Brexit vote.
GO The SP 500 closed at a record high on Monday as stock markets across the world rebounded from recent losses caused by global uncertainty following Britain’s decision to leave the European Union.
GO Three members of US military killed in Jordan army base shooting.
GO Three US service members have been killed outside a military base in southern Jordan, in an exchange of gunfire with Jordanian military guards.
GO Swim across the Pacific? This man vows to make the 5,500-mile ocean voyage.
GO A Texas man will attempt to become the first person to swim across the Pacific Ocean next year, after almost five years of setbacks.
GO Syria ceasefire holds as Russia and Turkey seek UN support.
GO A ceasefire across Syria appeared to be holding on Friday as its brokers, Russia and Turkey, sought support at the UN security council for the plan it hopes will trump failed peace proposals and end the   conflict.
GO Chelsea Manning gets 14 days in solitary confinement for suicide attempt.
GO Prison officials have sentenced Chelsea Manning to 14 days in solitary confinement following an attempt to kill herself in July.
GO Indigenous Canadians taken from homes as children get day in court.
GO After years of delay, thousands of indigenous Canadians who were forcibly removed from their homes as children are finally getting their day in court.
GO UFC president Dana White stumps for Trump at Republican convention.
GO UFC president Dana White backed Donald Trump for president in a bombastic speech at the Republican national convention on Tuesday night in Cleveland.
GO José Mourinho: Zlatan Ibrahimovic injury would be a disaster for United.
GO José Mourinho admits that losing Zlatan Ibrahimovic to a   injury would be a “disaster” yet the Manchester United manager has no plans to buy an experienced goalscorer in January as cover for the Swede.
GO Japan to develop missile as tensions with China mount – reports.
GO Japan will develop a new    missile as part of plans to beef up its defence of remote southern islands, as tensions with China increase over the disputed territory, a report said Sunday.
GO Alicia Machado told the truth about Trump, and the backlash is terrifying.
GO The story of Alicia Machado is many things but as it pertains to the presidential election, it is a story about the time Donald Trump smeared a woman and riled up a media circus to spread the gossip.
GO After Stanford, bill seeks prison for sexual assaults of unconscious victims.
GO The prosecutor in the Stanford sexual assault case is pushing to make prison a mandatory punishment for people who attack unconscious victims, proposing legislation inspired by the global outrage at the light sentencing of former student Brock Turner.
GO One of California’s worst wildfires was ignited by a hot tub’s faulty wiring.
GO A hot tub’s faulty wiring ignited one of California’s most destructive wildfires, a blaze that killed four people, sent four firefighters to the hospital and destroyed more than 1, 300 homes last year, officials said on Wednesday.
GO Father of Muslim teen arrested for clock sues conservative media for defamation.
GO The father of Ahmed Mohamed, the Muslim teenager arrested in Texas last year when he brought a homemade clock to school, has launched a defamation lawsuit against several conservative media figures and organisations.
GO Wayne Rooney: ‘I’ll never play for another Premier League club’.
GO Wayne Rooney says he will not play for any other English club bar Manchester United, discounting the possibility of a   move back to Everton, after being given a ringing endorsement from his new manager, José Mourinho, and the encouragement to continue chasing down Sir Bobby Charlton’s scoring record at Old Trafford.
GO Night of the Animals: the American novel that predicted Brexit.
GO Bill Broun says he’s “weirded out” when we speak just before the publication of his debut novel, Night of the Animals.
GO Melania Trump pursues Daily Mail over ’100% false’ rumors about her past.
GO Lawyers for Melania Trump are pursuing legal action against the Daily Mail for reporting “100% false” rumors that she worked as an escort in the 1990s as well as raising questions about her immigration status at the time.
GO Barack Obama bans oil and gas drilling in most of Arctic and Atlantic oceans.
GO Barack Obama has permanently banned new oil and gas drilling in most   waters in the Arctic and Atlantic oceans, a   effort to lock in environmental protections before he hands over to Donald Trump.
GO Garrison Keillor hosts final A Prairie Home Companion episode.
GO The writer and humorist Garrison Keillor served up a bittersweet farewell for 18, 000 fans at the Hollywood Bowl on Friday, as he hosted his final episode of the   radio variety show, A Prairie Home Companion.
GO California drought: 36m trees dead since May, raising toll to more than 102m.
GO The California drought has killed more than 102m trees in a   of forests that increases the risk of catastrophic wildfires and other threats to humans, officials said on Friday.
GO Tour de France: Peter Sagan wins stage 16 photo-finish – as it happened.
GO So Peter Sagan wins his third stage of this Tour and tightens his grip on green while Chris Froome moves a step closer to an historic third yellow jersey.
GO Gabby Douglas ’heartbroken’ as online abuse targets gymnast, mother says.
GO The American gymnast Gabby Douglas has suffered a barrage of online abuse for her appearance and a perceived lack of patriotism, according to the   gold medalist’s mother.
GO Trump on Colin Kaepernick: ’He should find a country that works better for him’.
GO San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick “should find a country that works better for him” Donald Trump has said in response to the furor over the black footballer’s decision to sit during The   Banner because he believes the US oppresses African Americans and other minorities.
GO Death toll from Nice truck attack rises to 85 after man dies of injuries.
GO A man wounded in the Bastille Day truck attack in Nice has died of his injuries, hospital officials said, taking the death toll from the massacre to 85.
GO European commission warned of car emissions test cheating, five years before VW scandal.
GO The European commission was warned by its own experts that a car maker was suspected of cheating emissions tests five years before the VW emissions scandal.
GO Dhaka cafe attack ends with 20 hostages among dead.
GO Bangladeshi prime minister Shiekh Hasina has announced two days of national holiday mourning after an attack on a cafe in Dhaka left 28 people dead, including 20 hostages, most of whom were killed with sharp weapons.
GO UFC middleweight Josh Samman dies aged 28.
GO UFC middleweight Josh Samman has died at the age of 28 after spending nearly a week in a coma at a Florida hospital, officials have confirmed.
GO Donald Trump deserves his frosty reception in Scotland.
GO As the Donald descended from the steps of Trump Force One and attempted to shield his wayward hair from the easterly winds sweeping across the Tarmac of Aberdeen airport, he would have expected a frosty reception.
GO Trump: Boeing should lose Air Force One contract over ’out of control’ cost.
GO Donald Trump has called for Boeing to lose its contract to build Air Force One, the president’s private airplane, citing what he claimed was a $4bn price tag.
GO Overcrowded Brooklyn Bridge could get bigger bicycle and pedestrian lanes.
GO Commuters and tourists alike have welcomed the news that New York’s department of transport (DoT) will consider an expansion of bicycle and pedestrian lanes on the city’s   but perpetually crowded Brooklyn Bridge.
GO United Nations condemns attempted coup in Libya.
GO The United Nations has condemned an attempted coup in Libya that has seen a rival administration capture key government buildings, as both rebels and officials scrambled to win the support of Tripoli’s powerful militias.
GO Mary Fedden and Julian Trevelyan collection to be auctioned.
GO Works of art from a very private collection belonging to Mary Fedden and Julian Trevelyan, which includes items by Henry Moore and Pablo Picasso, will go on auction to raise funds to preserve the studio that served as the couple’s creative hub for over 40 years.
GO Walter Scott shooting: mistrial declared in case against former police officer.
GO The trial of the former police officer who shot dead Walter Scott, an unarmed African American, in an incident that was caught on cellphone video and reignited the debate on race and policing in the US, has ended in a mistrial.
GO American volunteer dies fighting Isis alongside Kurdish forces in Syria.
GO An American volunteer fighting alongside Kurdish forces in Syria has been killed during an ongoing offensive to recapture the town of Manbij from Islamic State militants.
GO Tennis star John Isner slams Colin Kaepernick’s national anthem protest.
GO The   American tennis player John Isner lashed out on Monday against San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick’s national anthem protest last week over the treatment of people of color in the US.
GO Kidnapped California jogger found safe on roadside in restraints, sheriff says.
GO A woman who was kidnapped and held captive for three weeks after leaving her northern California home to jog was found safe on the side of a rural road bound in restraints, a local sheriff said Friday.
GO Virginia voter ID law upheld by federal court after Democratic challenge.
GO A federal appeals court has upheld a Virginia law requiring voters to show photo identification at the polls, rejecting a challenge from Democrats who argued that it suppressed voting by minorities and young people.
GO French pop star detained in Moscow after plagiarism row with Russian singer.
GO The leader of a cult French disco band has been detained in Moscow following a plagiarism dispute with a Russian pop star who recently made the news speaking about his long friendship with US   Donald Trump.
GO Acclaimed Polish film director Andrzej Wajda dies aged 90.
GO Andrzej Wajda, the acclaimed Polish director whose films reflected his country’s turbulent history, has died at the age of 90.
GO Christine Lagarde avoids jail, keeps job after guilty verdict in negligence trial.
GO Christine Lagarde has been found guilty of negligence in approving a massive payout of taxpayers’ money to controversial French businessman Bernard Tapie but avoided a jail sentence.
GO Colin Powell told Clinton he bypassed official servers to email foreign leaders.
GO Colin Powell told Hillary Clinton, his successor as secretary of state, that he used a personal computer to email foreign leaders “without going through State Department servers” a    email exchange reveals.
GO Labour MP Jo Cox dies after being shot and stabbed.
GO The Labour MP Jo Cox has died after being shot and stabbed multiple times following a constituency meeting.
GO Oregon high school coach and players face charges for ’aggressive’ hazing.
GO A high school football coach and six players in Oregon are facing criminal charges for “aggressive” hazing that involved inappropriate touching of young victims’ genitals, according to prosecutors.
GO Israel and Turkey end six-year standoff.
GO Israel and Turkey have announced a reconciliation deal to end a   diplomatic standoff that started when Israeli naval commandos shot dead nine Turkish activists travelling on an aid flotilla making for the Gaza coast.
GO Vladimir Putin questions US commitment to Syria ceasefire deal.
GO President Vladimir Putin on Saturday questioned US commitment to the ceasefire established in Syria, suggesting Washington was not prepared to break with “terrorist elements” battling forces loyal to Syrian president Bashar Assad.
GO Steven Mnuchin nominated for US treasury secretary.
GO Donald Trump has nominated Steven Mnuchin, a Goldman Sachs    movie financier with no government experience, as US Treasury secretary.
GO Has Bernie Sanders Pulled Hillary Clinton To The Left? .
GO Bernie Sanders and his supporters don’t consider moving Hillary Clinton to the left a goal or even really a victory of any kind.
GO Before It Was Dangerous, Lead Was The Miracle Metal That We Loved.
GO Residents of Flint, Mich. may tell you lead is a serious menace, but for most of the last 5, 000 years, people saw lead as a miracle metal at the forefront of technology.
GO Bill Clinton Gets Into Heated Exchange With Black Lives Matter Protester.
GO This post has been updated at 10 a. m. ET, April 8, In a prolonged exchange Thursday afternoon, former President Bill Clinton forcefully defended his 1994 crime bill to Black Lives Matter protesters in the crowd at a Hillary Clinton campaign event.
GO When Kodjo Was Born, They Decided He Should Be Drowned.
GO The day Kodjo was born four years ago in a small village in eastern Ghana, his mother was given devastating news: Her baby boy was a river god’s son, and the elders of the village said he would need to be sacrificed.
GO How LSD Makes Your Brain One With The Universe.
GO Some users of LSD say one of the most profound parts of the experience is a deep oneness with the universe.
GO If We Could #BringBackOurGirls, They Might Not Be Welcomed With Open Arms.
GO When 276 girls were forced at gunpoint from their dormitory beds at a school in Chibok, Nigeria, on April 14, 2014, it sparked the creation of #BringBackOurGirls.
GO Your Conversation On The Bus Or Train May Be Recorded.
GO When you ride on buses or trains in many parts of the United States, what you say could be recorded.
GO Is Yellowstone National Park In Danger Of Being ’Loved To Death’?.
GO Yellowstone National Park, a wilderness recreation area stretching for nearly 3, 500 square miles atop a volcanic hot spot in Wyoming and parts of Montana and Idaho, may be in trouble.
GO 50 Shades Of Shakespeare: How The Bard Used Food As Racy Code.
GO Editor’s note: This week, to mark the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare’s death, we will be running a series of stories examining the links between food and the Bard.
GO Lawful Hacking: Should, Or Can, The FBI Learn To Overcome Encryption Itself?.
GO U. S. lawmakers Tuesday once again brought Apple, the FBI, security experts and law enforcement officials to testify on the ongoing debate over encryption and the ability of investigators to access data on electronic devices.
GO Why Voters Could Be Removed From The Rolls.
GO It certainly looks suspicious that more than 125, 000 Democrats were dropped from Brooklyn’s voter rolls between last November and Tuesday’s primary.
GO After Fires In West, Mushroom Hunters ’Chase The Burn’.
GO Right now, and in the coming weeks, from Northern California to Alaska, commercial and amateur mushroom hunters will be scouring hills that were ravaged by fires last summer and fall.
GO How Runners Get High.
GO Anyone who has run more than a few miles with some regularity has experienced what is usually called a ”runner’s high,” an overwhelming feeling of euphoria and   that makes the running experience something far more rewarding than just moving forward toward an end point.
GO Reflecting On The Death Of Freddie Gray, One Year Later.
GO It has been a year since Freddie Gray died from injuries sustained as Baltimore police transported him to a station.
GO Who Still Supports Andrew Jackson?.
GO ”Who still supports Andrew Jackson?” An NPR colleague posed that question Thursday morning after news broke that Jackson, or at least his image, will share the $20 bill with Harriet Tubman.
GO Gun-Toting Protesters Show Up At Texas Mosque Event For Refugees.
GO A small crowd of protesters carrying guns arrived outside an Irving, Texas, mosque which was holding an event to welcome refugees, carrying signs that read, ”Say No To Syrian Refugees,” according to the Dallas Morning News.
GO Bernie Sanders Concedes Defeat In Nevada.
GO Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) conceded defeat Saturday in the Nevada caucus, a contest where his campaign showed promise as it shrunk Clinton’s   lead.
GO GOP South Carolina Primary Too Close To Call As Polls Close.
GO The Republican presidential primary in South Carolina was too close to call as polls closed at 7 p. m. ET, according to NBC News and CNN.
GO Fox Host Goes Off On Clinton For Not Participating In An Interview.
GO Fox News host Chris Wallace called out Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton   Sunday for not appearing on his news program.
GO Chris Wallace To Trump: When Will You Start Acting More Presidential?.
GO Fox News host Chris Wallace had a tough question for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump at the top of his interview on Sunday.
GO ABC News Asks Priebus: Are You Really Prepared For Trump To Be The Nominee?.
GO ABC News host George Stephanopoulos asked Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus on Sunday if he was actually prepared for presidential candidate Donald Trump to be the GOP nominee.
GO Trump: ’I Wouldn’t Be Shocked’ If I Didn’t Get The Nomination.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Sunday that he ”wouldn’t be shocked” if he didn’t get the GOP nomination, noting that there were ”a lot of good people” competing against him.
GO Trump: ’I Know Nothing’ About The White Supremacist Groups That Support Me.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Sunday that he knows nothing about the white supremacist groups that have supported him and some of which the real estate mogul himself has retweeted on Twitter.
GO CNN Host To Sanders: We Never Considered You A Fringe Candidate.
GO CNN host Jake Tapper assured Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) on Sunday that he never considered him a ”fringe candidate.” Sanders, who won the New Hampshire primary, was touting his popularity with Latino voters on ”State of the Union.” ”The truth is that for a campaign that started off as a fringe campaign at 3 percent in the polls, we have enormous momentum,” Sanders said, putting air quotes around ”fringe campaign.” ”For the record, sir, as you know, we never considered you a fringe candidate,” Tapper said and Sanders laughed.
GO Attorney Claims Scalia’s Votes In Pending Cases Should Still Count.
GO With no apparent sarcasm, an Arizona attorney on Sunday proposed that the late Justice Antonin Scalia’s votes in cases pending before the Supreme Court should still count even though he died before the court issued its rulings.
GO Can You Blame Him?.
GO Buried lede in the story about Cruz’s father saying that God sent a message to Cruz’s wife, Heidi, that Ted should run for president: even God doesn’t want to talk to Ted.
GO How Could This Happen?.
GO   in the Cruz campaign gives you the sense that Cruz creates a milieu of petty viciousness, dishonesty and casual malignity around himself.
GO Rafael Cruz: God Sent My Son’s Wife A Sign That He Should Run For Prez (AUDIO).
GO Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) father said last year on a syndicated radio program that his son decided to launch a bid for the White House after his wife, Heidi, was sent a sign from God.
GO Clinton: ’We’ve Got To Do Some Work’ To Reduce Police Violence.
GO Hillary Clinton said Tuesday night that if she were elected she would do more to reduce police violence against unarmed Americans, especially black Americans.
GO GOP Senator Throws Obama’s Guantanamo Plan In The Trash (VIDEO).
GO After President Obama on Tuesday morning revealed his plan to close the Guantanamo Bay prison, Sen. Pat Roberts ( ) threw it right in the trash.
GO Judiciary GOPers Sign Letter Saying They Won’t Hold Hearing For Obama Nom.
GO The Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday signed a letter to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell declaring that they will not hold hearings for President Obama’s nominee to the Supreme Court, according to a statement from committee Chair Chuck Grassley ( ).
GO Nation Of Islam Leader: We’ll Provide Security For Beyoncé If Police Won’t.
GO After numerous police unions threatened to not provide security for her upcoming concerts, the head of the Nation of Islam said Sunday that his group was willing to provide security to their ”sister Beyoncé.” In video of his speech published by the Washington Post, Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan mocked the ”white people” watching Beyoncé’s Super Bowl halftime performance, which nodded to the Black Panthers.
GO Hans Von Spakovsky: ’Obligation’ To Count Scalia’s Vote In Pending Cases.
GO Hans von Spakovsky, a Heritage Foundation fellow, last week argued that the Supreme Court should count the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia’s votes in cases in which the justices have already cast preliminary votes.
GO Glenn Beck Insists He Does Have One Of Washington’s Copies Of Don Quixote.
GO Conservative media mogul Glenn Beck acknowledged Wednesday that a copy of ”Don Quixote” he owns was not purchased by George Washington on the day he signed the Constitution, as Beck previously claimed.
GO Rubio: ’You Don’t Win The Nomination By How Many States You Win’ (VIDEO).
GO Following another   finish in the Nevada GOP caucus, Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) argued Wednesday that candidates don’t win presidential primaries simply by winning individual states.
GO NYT Editorial: McConnell Has ’Lost Touch With Reality And The Constitution’.
GO The New York Times editorial board asserted Wednesday that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) and his fellow Republicans seem ”to have lost touch with reality and the Constitution” when it comes to filling the Supreme Court vacancy.
GO Report: Scalia Died At Ranch Among Members Of Secret Society Of Hunters.
GO A new report from the Washington Post published Wednesday night said the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia spent his final days at a west Texas ranch among   members of an elite secret society of hunters.
GO Ted Cruz Is Standing In The Way Of Flint Water Deal.
GO There’s at least one person standing in the way of enacting a bipartisan bill that would provide hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to victims of the Flint water crisis: Sen. Ted Cruz ( ).
GO Police: 4 Dead, 14 Wounded After Multiple Shootings In Hesston, Kansas.
GO UPDATE: Feb. 25, 2016, 10:33 PM ET, Four people are dead and 14 wounded after a suspect fired on a number of sites near Hesston, Kansas, including inside a lawn care company and at random targets on the street, law enforcement officials said Thursday.
GO Near, Far, Wherever You Are.
GO Despite epic   rant, Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) is going down with the ship: David Kurtz is Managing Editor and Washington Bureau Chief of Talking Points Memo where he oversees the news operations of TPM and its sister sites.
GO Clinton On ’Super-Predator’ Speech: ’I Shouldn’t Have Used Those Words’.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton told The Washington Post Thursday that she wouldn’t have used the words she did to describe some children from   communities in a speech she gave in 1996.
GO University Of Missouri Fires Prof Who Blocked Journalist From Protest.
GO Officials at the University of Missouri on Wednesday fired Melissa Click, the professor who infamously blocked a student journalist from a protest on campus late last year, The Columbia Daily Tribune reported.
GO Newt Gingrich Says GOP Establishment Could Concede To Trump.
GO Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a longtime leader in the conservative political movement, tweeted Friday that the GOP establishment should see that it is inevitable that Donald Trump will be the party’s presidential nominee.
GO MSNBC’s Harris-Perry Says She Won’t Appear On Her Show After Pre-Emptions.
GO Frustrated with what she described as a lack of editorial control, MSNBC host Melissa   told the New York Times on Friday that she will not appear on her show this weekend.
GO Michigan Tea Partiers Hit With Felony Charges For Botched Cover-Up Of Affair.
GO Former Michigan state representatives Todd Courser and Cindy Gamrat were hit with felony charges on Friday for their messy cover up of an extramarital affair last year, the Detroit News reported.
GO Well, There’s That.
GO The saving grace for the GOP is that if they’re actually able to destroy Trump with a brutal, scorched earth total war which drives all the way to the convention, he’ll definitely go away quietly.
GO CNN: Unlikely That Melissa Harris-Perry Will Return To Her MSNBC Show.
GO CNN reported that MSNBC host Melissa   likely will not return to her show on the network after she voiced frustration that she did not have enough editorial control, citing two anonymous sources.
GO Ex-Cruz Spokesman: I Didn’t Realize How Much Rubio Video Would Be ’Blown Up’.
GO Rick Tyler, the former communications director for Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) presidential campaign who was fired this week over a misleading video, told MSNBC on Friday that he did not realize how much attention the video would get when he posted it to social media.
GO WATCH LIVE: Hillary Clinton Speaks After Victory In South Carolina.
GO Hillary Clinton will address supporters in South Carolina following her primary victory in the state on Saturday evening.
GO Cruz To Fox Host: ’Let Me Know Whether I’m Allowed To Answer’.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) had a testy exchange with Fox News host Chris Wallace on Sunday after the GOP nominee hopeful repeatedly tried to interject, eventually saying, ”let me know whether I’m allowed to answer.” Wallace asked Cruz to respond to a list of what some had called ”dirty tricks” in his campaign, including suggesting Dr. Ben Carson had dropped out of the race and his communication director tweeting about Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) disrespecting the Bible.
GO Trump: Maybe I’m Being Audited Because I Love The Tea Party.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump suggested Sunday that he was being audited because he was a big supporter of the Tea Party.
GO Melania Trump Didn’t Want Her Husband To Say That Ted Cruz Was A ’Pu**y’ (VIDEO).
GO Melania Trump told CNN’s Anderson Cooper that she disagrees with ”many things” her husband has said on the campaign trail, including when he repeated a supporter who called one of his presidential rivals a ”pussy.” According to a clip of the interview posted Monday, the former model said she disagreed with Donald Trump on ”some language of course.” Melania Trump then recalled a rally earlier this month in New Hampshire where a woman in the crowd said that Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) was a ”pussy” on waterboarding.
GO Clarence Thomas Asks A Question In Oral Arguments For First Time In 10 Years.
GO Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, for the first time in a decade, asked questions from the bench during oral arguments, according to reporters present at Monday’s Supreme Court hearings.
GO Is This The Reason A Missouri Lawmaker Filed A Bill To Make Legislators Lawyers?.
GO The reasoning a Missouri lawmaker gave for introducing a bill that would permit legislators to practice law in the state was almost as confusing as the proposal itself.
GO Earnest: David Duke Remarks Show ’All We Need To Know’ About Trump (VIDEO).
GO White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday that Donald Trump’s reluctance to distance himself from prominent white nationalist David Duke shows ”all we need to know” about the Republican presidential frontrunner.
GO Emerging (Sad!) Meme.
GO We’ve got an emerging meme that Kasich of all people is hurting Rubio in Northern Virginia and may keep Rubio from winning the state.
GO It Could End in July.
GO I’m seeing a lot of Republicans pointing to the VA results and saying that whoever gets the victory, a majority of Virginia delegates (and other similar states) will be ’available’ for an   unity candidate at the GOP convention in Cleveland in July.
GO Cruz To GOP Rivals: Rally Around Me, I’ve Beaten Trump Three Times!.
GO Coming off wins in the Texas and Oklahoma primaries, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on Tuesday night urged the other GOP presidential candidates in the race to rally around his campaign in order to defeat rival Donald Trump.
GO Sen. Bernie Sanders Projected Winner Of Minnesota Dem Caucus.
GO The Associated Press and ABC News projected Sen. Bernie Sanders the winner of Minnesota’s Democratic presidential caucus on Tuesday night.
GO Hillary Clinton Projected To Win Massachusetts.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was projected to win the Massachusetts primary on Tuesday, according to MSNBC and ABC News.
GO Bernie Sanders Projected To Win Colorado Caucuses.
GO MSNBC and the Associated Press projected Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) as the winner of Colorado’s Democratic presidential caucuses on Tuesday night.
GO Jake Tapper Asks Marco Rubio If He’s ’In Denial’ About GOP Primary (VIDEO).
GO CNN’s Jake Tapper on Tuesday night asked Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) who ended up winning just one state on Super Tuesday, whether he was in denial about his chances in the Republican presidential primary.
GO Ben Carson Will Skip Next Debate, Sees No ’Path Forward’ For Campaign.
GO Retired neurosurgeon and flagging presidential candidate Ben Carson announced that he will not attend the next GOP debate Thursday night and that he does not see a ”political path forward” for his campaign.
GO Rubes Events Canceled in Lexington and Baton Rouge.
GO Rubio events in Lexington, Kentucky (notice) and Baton Rouge (notice) canceled.
GO Secret Service: We Didn’t Remove Black Students From Trump Rally.
GO The Secret Service said Wednesday that their agents were not involved in removing a group of black students from a Donald Trump campaign rally in Georgia on Monday.
GO Mitt Romney To Speak Thursday On ’State Of The 2016’ Race.
GO One day after Donald Trump’s racked up a slew of Super Tuesday victories, former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney announced a Thursday event to talk about 2016.
GO Harry Reid Savages Republicans For Making Trump.
GO Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) had a message for Republicans just hours after Donald Trump won big on Super Tuesday: Don’t act surprised.
GO Trump In 2005: Outsourcing Jobs ‘Not Always A Terrible Thing’.
GO Donald Trump may have built his presidential campaign on a promise to “be the greatest jobs President that God ever created,” but he was not always so stridently opposed to sending American jobs abroad.
GO In Major Abortion Case, Justice Kennedy Offers Few Clues On How He Is Leaning.
GO Oral arguments in a major abortion case at the Supreme Court Wednesday gave few clues as to how the key swing vote, Justice Anthony Kennedy, felt about the case.
GO Megyn Kelly Goes Hard At Trump Over Scammy Trump University.
GO Megyn Kelly wanted to set the record straight Thursday night about Trump University, a business that promised to unlock the secrets of Donald Trump’s success for ordinary people but which is embroiled in a class action lawsuit for not making good on its promise.
GO No, Ted, You Weren’t in ’Law Enforcement’.
GO Okay, if I heard right, Ted Cruz just said he had ”spent much of his life in law enforcement.” We’re trying to verify all the points in Cruz’s resume.
GO Cavuto Grills Romney: Would You Step In As GOP Nominee At Convention? (VIDEO).
GO Fox News host Neil Cavuto on Friday afternoon repeatedly pressed former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney to say whether he would step up to the plate if his fellow GOPers called on him to be their   at the convention.
GO Former Dem Iowa Lt. Gov. Patty Judge Confirms Senate Run Against Grassley.
GO Patty Judge, former Democratic Iowa lieutenant governor and agriculture secretary, confirmed on Friday that she is launching a Senate campaign against Sen. Chuck Grassley ( ).
GO Rubio: #NeverTrump Means Never Vote For Trump ... In The Primary (AUDIO).
GO Sen. Marco Rubio’s ( ) campaign website may have just started selling #NeverTrump merchandise, but Rubio made it clear Friday that ”never” only applies to primary season.
GO Bernie Sanders To Take Part In Fox News Town Hall Without Clinton.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) is slated to appear at a Fox News town hall in Detroit on Monday, just one day before the Michigan primary.
GO Bernie Sanders Projected to Win Nebraska Caucuses.
GO Bernie Sanders was projected to win the Nebraska caucuses Saturday night, MSNBC and the Associated Press are reporting.
GO Ted Cruz Projected To Win Maine Caucuses.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) locked up another win on ”Super Saturday” after MSNBC and CNN projected him to win the Maine GOP caucuses.
GO Donald Trump Projected Winner Of Louisiana GOP Primary.
GO Fox News and the Associated Press are reporting Donald Trump is the winner of the Republican presidential primary in Louisiana on Saturday.
GO Bernie Sanders Projected Winner Of Kansas Dem. Caucuses.
GO CNN and ABC News are reporting Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) is the winner of the Kansas Democratic caucuses Saturday evening.
GO Ted Cruz Wins CPAC Straw Poll.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on Saturday added another title to his list of conservative bona fides after winning a straw poll at the Conservative Political Action Conference.
GO Hillary Clinton Says Bill Clinton’s Crime Bill Was A Mistake.
GO Hillary Clinton was asked at CNN’s Sunday debate to defend her support of a major crime bill that was passed while her husband Bill Clinton was president    legislation that has been blamed for the rise in incarceration rates.
GO Obamas: ’We Remain Grateful’ For Nancy Reagan’s Life.
GO The Obamas said in a statement released Sunday that former First Lady Nancy Reagan gave them ”warm and generous” advice that they were grateful for her life.
GO Report: Ted Cruz To Announce First Senate Endorsements This Week.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is set to unveil his first endorsements from colleagues in the Senate this week, according to a report from the National Review.
GO Ammon Bundy: Jail Is The ’Most Difficult Thing I’ve Ever Done In My Life’.
GO Ammon Bundy, the mastermind of the 2016 Oregon wildlife refuge standoff is still in jail and he says it is the hardest thing he’s ever done.
GO Bloomberg Rules Out Run For President.
GO UPDATE: 5:30 p. m. Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg wrote Monday in an   published on his news website that he won’t run for President.
GO CNN: Some Of Rubio’s Aides Are Suggesting He Drop Out Before Florida.
GO UPDATE: 6:52 p. m. CNN reported Monday that some ”very senior advisers” were telling Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) to end his Republican presidential bid ahead of the Florida primary next week.
GO Sanders: Clinton ’Trying To Frighten’ People Into Thinking They’d Lose Healthcare.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said Monday at the Fox News town hall that his rival Hillary Clinton was ”trying to frighten” people into thinking they’d lose healthcare under his plan.
GO Idaho Pastor Shot, Critically Wounded After Delivering Prayer For Ted Cruz.
GO An Idaho pastor was shot in the parking lot of his church on Sunday afternoon, one day after delivering a prayer at a campaign rally for Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) NBC News reported.
GO Fox News Tried To Make A Trump-Sanders Debate Happen.
GO The Fox News town hall on Monday night with Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and Hillary Clinton began as an attempt to set up a    debate between Sanders and Donald Trump, the New York Times reported on Tuesday morning.
GO Projection: Sanders Upsets Clinton In Michigan.
GO Bernie Sanders is projected to defeat Hillary Clinton in Tuesday’s Michigan primary in an upset victory in the state where both candidates invested in major campaign efforts.
GO The Sharks That Live to 400 .
GO         For us to continue writing great stories, we need to display ads.
GO Orlando Terrorist Attack Is Deadly Threat to Left’s Agenda - Breitbart.
GO The Left is being forced to acknowledge that the Orlando terrorist attack is an existential threat to its agenda, amid an election already focused on America’s inability to control world affairs and its own borders.
GO Douthat: Hillary Offered Nothing to #NeverTrump Conservatives.
GO Ross Douthat of the New York Times has admitted that Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton passed up the opportunity to reach out to “#NeverTrump” conservatives in her convention speech, offering them “nothing” to entice them to switch.
GO Tom Brokaw: Bernie Sanders Can Win Nomination if He Wins California - Breitbart.
GO Veteran newsman Tom Brokaw told the Breitbart News Daily audience on Thursday that Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders could potentially capture the Democratic Party’s nomination if he beats former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the California primary.
GO Shepard Smith of Fox News Comes Out as Gay, Defends Roger Ailes.
GO Fox News anchor Shepard Smith revealed he is gay in an interview with the Huffington Post and defended former Fox News chairman and CEO Roger Ailes against claims that Ailes urged him to never come out about his sexual orientation in public.
GO #ImWithAmber: Fans Call for Boycott of Johnny Depp’s Sweden Rock Concert over Abuse Allegations - Breitbart.
GO Fallout over the abuse allegations against Johnny Depp made by his wife, actress Amber Heard, has spread to Depp’s music career as social media users posting the hashtag #ImWithAmber have called for a boycott of the actor’s concert Monday in Sweden at Stockholm’s Gröna Lund theme park.
GO CNN’s Gergen: Hillary ’Didn’t Really Want To Be There’ During Thursday Press Conference - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen said that during her press conference earlier that day, Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton “didn’t really want to be there.
GO $800K in Drugs Seized by Feds at Arizona Border.
GO Six Mexican nationals and two U. S. citizens were arrested in connection with a failed attempt to smuggle nearly $800K worth of drugs across the Arizona border with Mexico.
GO Texas Veterinarian Loses License for Killing Cat with Bow.
GO A Texas veterinarian who killed a cat by shooting it with a bow and arrow and then posed for a photo has lost the right to practice for one year.
GO Michigan Mother: Hillary Clinton Receiving Advance Debate Question ’Should Be an Automatic Disqualification’ - Breitbart.
GO A Michigan mother is furious that   Chairwoman Donna Brazile sent Hillary Clinton advance notice of her question at a Democratic presidential debate in Flint, Michigan this March.
GO Exclusive - Why We March for Life: ‘To Show That Millennials Care’ - Breitbart.
GO Tens of thousands of young people are marching for life in Washington, D. C.[In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News, some students from The Catholic University of America (CUA) in the nation’s capital say they are marching to show millennials care about women in crisis pregnancies and their babies.
GO Rubio: Tomorrow We Will Shock the Country - Breitbart.
GO Monday in Jacksonville, FL on the eve of the Florida GOP Primary, Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said the results of tomorrow’s voting will “shock the country.
GO 5 Times Paul Ryan Said He’s Not Running for Speaker of the House - Breitbart.
GO As Paul Ryan grows more insistent that he will not be the GOP nominee, Politico’s Mike Allen points out that Ryan is “running the same playbook he did to become [House] speaker: saying he doesn’t want it, that it won’t happen.
GO #DumpKelloggs Trends #1 on Twitter Following Breitbart Boycott - Breitbart.
GO #DumpKelloggs was the most popular trending topic on Twitter in the United States at the time of this writing after Breitbart News organized a boycott against the company on Wednesday.
GO Judge Slams Nick Denton, Rules Hulk Hogan Can Start Seizing Assets from Gawker CEO - Breitbart.
GO Former wrestling champion Hulk Hogan is allowed to start seizing assets from Gawker CEO Nick Denton after a judge ruled that Denton had lied to the court about the value of his company.
GO Police: Woman Accused of Stabbing Husband for Drinking Her Beer.
GO A Pennsylvania woman is accused of stabbing her husband with scissors and biting him because he drank her last beer while she was asleep.
GO Report: Marijuana Farm Sparked 2015 California Fire - Breitbart.
GO An illegal marijuana farm lit up a   northern California fire in 2015 that took out 96 buildings.
GO Breitbart News Daily: Investigating the Clintons - Breitbart.
GO On the Wednesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart Editor in Chief Alex Marlow will continue our analysis of the election of   Donald Trump, the progress of his transition team, and Trump’s policy vision.
GO George Lopez: I’ll Give Trump a Chance... to ’Suck My Ass’.
GO Comedian George Lopez may be one of the few celebrities who could acutally keep his promise to leave the United States following Donald Trump’s historic presidential election victory earlier this month.
GO Ryan Launches New Attack on Trump as He Clinches Nomination - Breitbart.
GO One day prior to Donald Trump formally clinching the GOP nomination, House Speaker Paul Ryan launched a new line of attack against the Party’s standard bearer selected by GOP voters.
GO Rich Lowry: Chris Christie Steamrolled Marco Rubio.
GO Rich Lowry writes at National Review Online’s The Corner:[Everyone knew that Christie was going to come after Rubio hard, and yet Rubio let himself get steamrolled.
GO Re-scheduled: Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama Plan July 5 Campaign Event - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama and his former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have   a campaign event together, after their first scheduled appearance together was canceled.
GO Milo Yiannopoulos Leads Emory Students on ’Chalkening’ Crusade Around Campus - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday night, in front of a packed auditorium at Emory University, Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos spoke about feminism, political correctness, and perhaps the most significant campus free speech controversy of the year.
GO David Axelrod: Hillary Doesn’t Have a Core Message - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s ‘Face The Nation,” former chief strategist for Barack Obama’s presidential campaigns David Axelrod said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton doesn’t have a “core message.
GO Trump Campaign Knocking on Doors in... California - Breitbart.
GO California Republicans are turning out to volunteer for Donald Trump’s campaign by knocking on doors in local communities, even though the Republican presidential nominee is thought to have no chance of winning the state.
GO Powerline Backs #DumpKelloggs: ‘Companies Like Kellogg Need to Understand That Ours is Not a One-Party State’.
GO John Hinderaker of the conservative blog Powerline offers support for Breitbart’s #DumpKelloggs boycott, noting that if Kellogg’s wants to align itself with “a vicious, bullying   minority,” then they “should understand that such decisions have consequences” because we do not live in “a   state.
GO Andrea Mitchell: Trump Is ’Completely Uneducated About Any Part of The World’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was “completely uneducated about any part of the world.
GO John Bolton: Obama’s ’Humiliating’ Ransom Payment Was ’Wrapped Around the Nuclear Deal’ - ’We Were Doing Iran’s Bidding’ - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily, former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton, a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, said the recent uncovering of President Obama’s secret $400 million ransom payment to Iran was a symptom of an “institutional problem, that I think flows directly from Barack Obama.
GO Oklahoma Wesleyan University President To Receive Award at CPAC: ‘This Is Not a Daycare. It’s a University!’ - Breitbart.
GO Oklahoma Wesleyan University (OKWU) president Everett Piper will receive the Kirkpatrick Award for Academic Freedom at the Ronald Reagan Banquet at CPAC Friday evening following his strong message to members of the university community that they have come to the Christian school to be exposed to adversarial ideas, not protected from them.
GO AWR Hawkins: ’Democrats Use Emotion, Denial, and Shame to Get You to Move Against the Second Amendment’ - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart contributor AWR Hawkins, the nation’s leading journalist on gun rights, told a    audience at the South Carolina Tea Party Coalition Convention “Democrats use emotion, denial, and shame to get you to move against the second amendment [the right to keep and bear arms].
GO South Carolina Senate Votes to Make Sponsors Liable for Harm Caused by Refugees.
GO The South Carolina senate passed a bill which would make refugee sponsors liable for damages caused by crimes or terrorism committed by the refugees they sponsored.
GO Maher: Guns Are a Vice ’Like Drugs or Alcohol’ - Breitbart.
GO HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher argued that guns are a vice “like drugs or alcohol” on Friday.
GO Christie: PP Is ’Radical,’ Rape and Incest Victims Should Be Allowed To Abort If They Believe It’s ’Self-Defense’ - Breitbart.
GO GOP presidential candidate New Jersey Governor Chris Christie blasted Planned Parenthood as “the most radical type of extremist” on abortion and touted defunding the organization and cited Ronald Reagan to defend exceptions for abortion on rape or incest saying that a woman who is a victim of those things “should not have to deliver that child, if they believe that violation is now an act of   by terminating that pregnancy” during Saturday’s GOP presidential debate on ABC.
GO Adam Johnson: Kellogg’s ’Taking Their Eye off the Ball’.
GO Adam Johnson, the Bullseye Brief author and former Bloomberg Television anchor, says that Kellogg’s is making a grave mistake by “taking their eye off the ball” and picking a political fight with Breitbart News at the behest of   groups.
GO Kellogg Foundation Gave Big to Soros Organization, Tides Foundation.
GO The institutional left’s funding behemoth W. K. Kellogg Foundation has partnered with and given major donations to George Soros’s Open Society Institute and the Tides Center as part of its massive push to promote a   agenda.
GO German Dentists Warn Treating Migrant’s ’Catastrophic’ Teeth Will Cost Tax Payer BILLIONS.
GO That mass migration is adding enormous pressure to public services has been confirmed by German dental professionals, who have warned the teeth of many immigrants are so bad they require significant work, which will cost the tax payer billions of Euros.
GO Hillary Clinton’s Head Trauma Only Allowed Her to Work ‘A Few Hours a Day’ - Breitbart.
GO Though Hillary Clinton and her supporters have mocked those who have questioned whether her health problems would interfere with the demanding duties assigned to the presidency, Clinton herself said her head trauma caused her to limit her work as secretary of state to only “a few hours a day,” and to not recall briefings related to the secure handling of government records, FBI documents reveal.
GO Carly Fiorina Blasts Fox Business for Demotion: Its Own Polling Says I’m Qualified - Breitbart.
GO GOP presidential candidate Carly Fiorina responded to Fox Business’s announcement moving her from the main stage to the undercard debate in Thursday’s sixth GOP primary debate in South Carolina, saying she is ranked sixth in Fox News’s own poll.
GO Madonna Warns: ’Vote Clinton or We Are All F*cked’.
GO Pop icon Madonna sounded an impassioned final warning to Americans to vote Hillary Clinton for president this week, cautioning on social media that if the Democratic candidate loses to Republican Donald Trump, “we are all f*cked.
GO White House Defends John Kerry Calls for Media ’Perspective’ on Terrorism - Breitbart.
GO The White House did not criticize Secretary of State John Kerry, after he suggested that the media should “stop covering terrorism so much” during a press conference in Bangladesh.
GO Ted Cruz to ‘You Suck’ Protester: What a Different World if Trump Was Told ‘Speak with Respect’ - Breitbart.
GO A protester from La Porte, Indiana interrupted Sen. Ted Cruz with “You suck,” prompting the response: Ff Donald Trump was told years ago that “Children should actually speak with respect,” it would be a “different world.
GO 200 House Republicans Give Trump Two Standing Ovations on Capitol Hill - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump met with at least 200 House Republicans at the Capitol Hill Club in Washington, D. C. on Thursday morning.
GO Robert De Niro: Donald Trump Is ’Totally Nuts’.
GO Screen legend Robert De Niro offered his two cents on the 2016 presidential election Saturday, insisting that Republican nominee Donald Trump should not run for President of the United States because he’s “totally nuts.
GO Biden: My Biggest Problem With Trump Is Not His Cockamamie Policies, It’s The Way He Treats People - Breitbart.
GO Thursday in Warren, OH, while campaigning for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, Vice President Joe Biden said his “biggest problem” with Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was not his “cockamamie policies,” but instead “the way he treats people.
GO Woodward on Trump: ’I Have Really No Idea What He Might Do If He Ever Became President’ - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” veteran journalist Bob Woodward said of the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump,”I have really no idea what he might do if he ever became president.
GO Wikileaks Reveals-Hillary Clinton to Goldman Sachs: Americans Who Want to Limit Immigration Are ’Fundamentally UnAmerican’ - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton told Goldman Sachs executives that Americans who want to limit immigration are “fundamentally ” according to the leaked transcript of her private October 2013 speech made public by WikiLeaks.
GO Nicolle Wallace: Foreign Policy Conservatives Should Consider Hillary for President - Breitbart.
GO Monday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Nicolle Wallace, the former communications chief for George W. Bush’s 2004   campaign and adviser for Sen. John McCain’s ( ) 2008 presidential bid suggested Republicans beyond social conservatives, particularly those with a focus on foreign policy, should consider Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton.
GO Here We Go Again: Obama Sends Arms Trade Treaty to Senate for Ratification - Breitbart.
GO With just over a month left in office and no gun control achievements to speak of during his time in the White House, President Obama has sent the United Nation’s Arms Trade Treaty (ATT) to the Senate for one last shot at ratification.
GO Fear The Bern: Big Winner In Iowa Was Karl Marx - Breitbart.
GO The big winner last night on the Democrat side of the Iowa caucuses was Karl Marx and the ideology of socialism.
GO Thirty-Two Refugees Diagnosed With Active Tuberculosis in Utah - Breitbart.
GO   refugees were diagnosed with active tuberculosis (TB) in Utah between 2011 and 2015, according to the Utah Department of Health.
GO Milo on Business Insider: ’I Know Serious Players Who Are About To Short Twitter’ - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Tech Editor Milo Yiannopoulos joined Business Insider UK Tech Editor James Cook to discuss why the end of Twitter is nigh, among various other subjects.
GO Megyn Kelly on Meeting with Trump: We Had a Chance to Clear the Air - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on Fox New Channels’ The Kelly File, anchor Megyn Kelly confirmed the reports of her meeting with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump earlier in the day at Trump Towers.
GO MSNBC’s Tamron Hall Has Heated Interview With Trump Supporter Scott Baio - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on MSNBC’s special election coverage, host Tamron Hall had a heated interview with actor and presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump supporter, Scott Baio.
GO Secret Service: Raging Hillary Clinton Threw Bible at Colleague.
GO Hillary Clinton once threw a Bible at the back of a Secret Service agent’s head, part of a pattern of unhinged rage that the   Democratic nominee exhibited, as exposed for the first time in former Secret Service agent Gary Byrne’s grueling insider account of Hillary Rodham Clinton.
GO HuffPo’s Grim: 54 Private Jets at Meeting to Stop Trump - Breitbart.
GO Huffington Post reporter Ryan Grim told CNN’s Brooke Baldwin on Tuesday that “something like 54 private jets” had arrived at an elite meeting of tech CEOs, GOP party insiders and big donors set on stopping Donald Trump before he wins the Republican nomination.
GO Paul Nehlen: ’People Like Paul Ryan Have Hijacked This Great Country of Ours’.
GO Businessman and Republican candidate for Wisconsin’s First Congressional District in Tuesday’s primary, Paul Nehlen, told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon that “people like Paul Ryan have hijacked this great country of ours from us” and that there is a “movement building” to take the country back, one driven by “people getting lied to over and over again” by our elected officials in Washington.
GO MILO Book Rockets to Top of Amazon Political Humor Category, Beats The Daily Show Book - Breitbart.
GO MILO’s upcoming book Dangerous has already become Amazon’s number one bestseller for the categories of political humor and censorship, beating a number of   books including The Daily Show: An Oral History by Jon Stewart and Chris Smith.
GO Roger Stone on The Milo Show: ’I think Hillary Clinton Has Bipolar’ - Breitbart.
GO The latest guest on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show is Donald Trump’s confidante and Republican strategist and lobbyist Roger Stone to discuss the party conventions, Hillary Clinton and the Trump campaign.
GO Report: Nearly 1 in 14 Children in the U.S. Reside with an Illegal Immigrant Parent - Breitbart.
GO Nearly one in 14 children in the U. S. live with a parent who is an illegal immigrant, according to the Migration Policy Institute’s annual compilation of “Frequently Requested Statistics on Immigrants and Immigration in the United States” released this week.
GO Will Mike Pence Be the Power Behind the Throne?.
GO As the curtain rises in Cleveland tonight, America will finally be properly introduced to Indiana governor Mike Pence, who, until now, is likely a mystery to   who don’t follow politics closely.
GO Why I Am Not a Cruzite.
GO Ted Cruz’s electrifying performance at the 2016 Republican National Convention will be long remembered, and deservedly so.
GO If You Cannot Stand Hillary, Take Comfort.
GO If you cannot stand Hillary Clinton, be comforted by the fact that you have plenty of company.
GO Sorry, but Trump Is No Eisenhower.
GO When the Western Allies needed a supreme commander for the newly created North Atlantic Treaty Organization in 1949, they unanimously agreed that Dwight Eisenhower was “the only man” for the job.
GO How the GOP Can Remake Itself after 2016.
GO If Donald Trump’s convention speech were to be taken at face value, one could only conclude that the United States were no better a place to live than the Third World.
GO Democrats Euphemize Abortion as Convention Opens.
GO The word “abortion” wasn’t uttered by a single speaker as the Democratic National Convention opened last night.
GO Why I Support a Viewpoint-Neutral First Amendment Defense Act.
GO Senator Mike Lee and Representative Raul Labrador deserve kudos for shepherding the Left’s most disliked piece of legislation: The First Amendment Defense Act (FADA).
GO How Entangled with Russia Is Trump?.
GO To gauge the opportunism and hypocrisy that define Donald Trump’s Republican party, consider this: Imagine the scalding rhetoric that would have boiled from the likes of Newt Gingrich, that Metternich of many green rooms, if Hillary Clinton had offhandedly undermined the   architecture of U. S. foreign policy since NATO was created in 1949.
GO Academic Article: Ski Slopes Are Sexist.
GO According to a recent,      article published in The International Review for the Sociology of Sport, ski slopes are sexist “masculinized spaces.
GO How to Finally Win the War on Terror.
GO If you wish to understand the terrorist attacks sweeping the world, there’s no better place to start than The Field of Fight: How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical Islam and Its Allies, by Lt. General Michael Flynn and historian Michael Ledeen.
GO Why Demographics <I>Don’t</I> Favor the Democrats.
GO Democrats, and journalists, talk a great deal about how demographic changes are inexorably shifting the American electorate to the left.
GO The Rio Olympics: Catch the Fever!.
GO The International Olympic Committee wanted to believe that Rio de Janeiro could host a spectacular edition of the games, and demonstrate that a   nation could equal the globe’s rich First World powers.
GO Hey, Watch This.
GO ‘Hey, Dad, watch this!” Here is a scene that is played out at swimming pools around the country millions of times every summer.
GO The Unsolved Mystery Behind the Act of Terror That Brought Putin to Power.
GO I believe that Vladimir Putin came to power as the result of an act of terror committed against his own people.
GO Is Richard Burr Sailing into the Perfect Storm?.
GO Republicans are increasingly nervous about the Senate race in North Carolina, where Senator Richard Burr finds himself at sea in a year when some party insiders say a perfect storm may be gathering for Tar Heel State Democrats.
GO Brain cells from pigs might help treat Parkinson’s patients.
GO Pig brain cells could be the key to treating people with Parkinson’s disease, according to early trials of a promising new treatment that implants the cells into a patient’s brain.
GO Matthews: ’We Know There’s No Audit’ on Trump IRS Leaking That ’Would Be a Good Leak’ - Breitbart.
GO On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball,” host Chris Matthews wondered if the IRS could state that President Trump isn’t really under audit, and stated that it “would be a good leak” if someone at the IRS leaked that Trump isn’t under audit, because “we know there’s no audit.
GO Poll: 48 Percent in Paul Ryan’s District Would Vote for a Replacement - Breitbart.
GO A poll released Thursday finds 48 percent of voters in Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan’s Wisconsin district want someone new to take his seat.
GO John Podesta: Trump Criticizing Fake News Is ’Dangerous’ - Breitbart.
GO John Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, says President Donald Trump criticizing fake news and inaccurate reporting is “dangerous” and is “a strategy, used by autocrats, designed to completely disorient public perception.
GO Cleveland Cavaliers Star LeBron James Calls Donald Trump Votes ’Goofy’ - Breitbart.
GO Following the Cleveland Cavaliers Friday morning shootaround, star forward LeBron James called President Donald J. Trump’s votes “goofy” during questions from the media.
GO Leftists Freak After Donald Trump Proclaims National Sexual Assault Awareness Month - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump proclaimed April as National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month, following in the footsteps of his presidential predecessor President Barack Obama.
GO Venezuela: Supreme Court Rules Itself a Lawmaking Body, Dissolves Legislature - Breitbart.
GO Venezuela’s   Supreme Court issued a ruling Wednesday declaring itself the legislative body of the federal government, annulling the   National Assembly for showing “contempt” towards the socialist government.
GO Trump: ’Russia Is a Ruse’ - ’I Have Nothing to Do With Russia’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday at a press conference to announce his pick of Alexander Acosta for the vacant Secretary of Labor post, President Donald Trump called the media fixation on he and his campaign’s dealings with Russia “ruse,” adding he had “nothing to do with Russia.
GO Armed Citizen Who Captured Georgia Cop Killers: ’I Loaded Every Weapon I Could’.
GO The Rutherford County, Tennessee, resident who captured Donnie Rowe and Ricky Dubose, the suspected Georgia cop killers on Thursday, said, “I loaded every weapon I could” after becoming aware of a   chase and “gunfire on nearby Interstate 24.
GO Transgender Reaassignment Surgery Under Obamacare Blocked Nationwide.
GO The Texas Attorney General won a nationwide preliminary injunction to block a new Obamacare mandate requiring taxpayers to fund transgender reassignment surgeries and abortions.
GO VIDEO: Delta Airline Employee Kicks Family off Flight, Threatens Father with Jail for Not Giving Up Seat.
GO A Delta Airlines employee reportedly kicked an entire family off a flight and threatened the father with jail time for refusing to give up a seat the family paid for, according to a video of the encounter.
GO CNN’s Acosta: Was Trump ’Attacking the Mayor of London Because He Is Muslim?’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday at the White House press briefing, CNN reporter Jim Acosta asked if President Donald Trump criticized London Mayor Sadiq Khan on Twitter because he was Muslim.
GO Arnold Schwarzenegger On Trump: I Wanted To ’Smash His Face’.
GO Arnold Schwarzenegger has opened up about his very public feud with President Donald Trump in a new interview with Men’s Journal.
GO Redskins Quarterback Kirk Cousins Played Golf with President Trump Last Weekend.
GO Members of the liberal sports media are aghast after reports that Washington Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins recently played a round of golf with President Donald Trump.
GO Center for Medical Progress Video Investigation - Planned Parenthood Abortionist: ’Pay Attention to Who’s in the Room’ When Verifying Signs of Life - Breitbart.
GO A new video released by Center for Medical Progress (CMP) reveals a former Planned Parenthood abortionist allegedly discussing how she performs elective abortions on healthy unborn babies up to 24 weeks of pregnancy, and the situation she encounters if a baby is aborted showing some signs of life.
GO Sacha Baron Cohen Takes Aim at Billionaire ’Greed’ with Latest Character.
GO   Sacha Baron Cohen will poke fun at the seemingly insatiable greed of elite billionaires with his latest character created for the screen, a role based on the disgraced British billionaire and retailer owner Philip Green.
GO One California Democrat Admits He’s Tired of Trashing Trump.
GO At least one Democrat leader in California admits that he’s tired of “trashing” President Donald Trump.
GO Report: U.N. Agency Is Helping North Korea with Patent for Nerve Gas Component.
GO Fox News reported on Monday that North Korea has been working on an international patent application for producing sodium cyanide, which can be used in nerve gas, with the help of a U. N. agency.
GO New Facebook Features Allow Politicians to Connect with Constituents - Breitbart.
GO A new Facebook feature allows politicians to connect with constituents by showing which users in the comments are in their constituency.
GO BP Oil Adds Gender Reassignment Surgery to Employee Package.
GO One British oil titan with its North American headquarters based in Houston just added gender reassignment surgery to its benefits package to make themselves more attractive to recruiting and hanging onto   21st Century employees.
GO Pinkerton: What Trump’s ‘Great Healthcare Plan for the People’ Might Look Like.
GO On March 25, in the wake of the failure of the American Health Care Act (AHCA) President Trump tweeted a warning and a prediction: “ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE.
GO Fashion Designer: $15 Minimum Wage Forcing Me to Leave California.
GO Houman Salem, founder and CEO of Argyle Haus garment factory, has penned an   in the Los Angeles Times explaining that the city’s new $15 minimum hourly wage, which was followed by a similar statewide rule, is forcing him to leave California.
GO White House: President Trump ’Left Everything on the Field’ to Sell Health Care Replacement - Breitbart.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer tried to signal optimism about the future of the House health care replacement bill despite a gloomy outlook about it’s future in Washington D. C.[“There is no question in my mind at least that the president and the team here have left everything on the field,” Spicer said during the White House press briefing on Friday.
GO Pope Francis Egypt Visit to Bring ‘Comfort and Encouragement’ to Christians in Middle East.
GO In a new   Pope Francis greets the people of Egypt prior to his upcoming Cairo visit, saying that he intends the visit to be “a witness of my affection, comfort and encouragement for all the Christians of the Middle East.
GO Dartmouth Survey: Liberal Students Would Be Uncomfortable Living with a Republican - Breitbart.
GO A survey conducted at Dartmouth College revealed that liberal students are far more likely to be uncomfortable having a roommate of the opposite political persuasion than are conservative students.
GO Kimberley Strassel: Democrats Gin Up Fake Outrage Against Nunes, Ignore His Evidence That Obama Spied on Trump.
GO Wall Street Journal columnist Kimberley Strassel writes that Democrats like California Rep. Adam Schiff are conveniently “ginning up fake outrage” at Rep. Devin Nunes ( ) in order to bury the bombshell news Nunes discovered: that the Obama White House did surveil the incoming Trump administration.
GO Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte: ’Trump Is a Realist, a Pragmatic Thinker’.
GO Speaking at a news conference in Qatar, Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte compared himself to U. S. President Donald Trump as a leader criticized for bold speech, but he praised Trump as “a realist and a pragmatic thinker.
GO Trump to American Workers: ‘I Don’t Want to Be President of the World’.
GO President Donald Trump was warmly welcomed by union workers attending the 2017 North America’s Building Trades Union legislative conference, as he promised to restore American jobs.
GO Fatah Official: We Should Downgrade U.S. Ties if Embassy Moved.
GO The Jerusalem Post reports: The Palestinian leadership should downgrade its diplomatic ties with the United States, if the American Embassy is relocated from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, a top Fatah official said on Monday.
GO Russian Ambassador Visited Obama at the White House 22 Times.
GO With Democrats and their aides in the media insisting that even daring to meet with a Russian official is somehow a fireable offense, a look at visitor logs of the White House during Barack Obama’s presidency reveals Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak visited Obama or his operatives at least 22 times.
GO Trump Apprenticeship Plan Aimed at Filling Six Million Job Vacancies - Breitbart.
GO President Trump is due to announce an apprenticeship initiative on Wednesday that will aim to fill a gap between six million jobs currently available and American workers who can fill them, Labor Secretary Alex Acosta said Monday.
GO Hillary Clinton: I Am Ready to ’Come Out of the Woods’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday at night at a St Patrick’s Day event in Scranton PA, 2016 Democratic presidential candidate and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton referenced a picture of her walking in the woods of Chappaquiddick near her home days after her presidential defeat when she said, “I am ready to, you know, come out of the woods.
GO Hackers May Have Obtained Names of over 16,000 Florida Concealed Permit Holders.
GO Hackers may have breached a database and obtained the names of over 16, 000 concealed carry permit holders in Florida.
GO London Bridge Ringleader Attended Demo in Support of Lee Rigby Killer - Breitbart.
GO The ringleader of the London Bridge attack joined a demonstration led by notorious hate preacher Anjem Choudary in support of Fusilier Lee Rigby’s killer, it has emerged.
GO Pope Francis: In Case of ‘True Spiritual Disturbances,’ Call an Exorcist - Breitbart.
GO A careful distinction must be made between psychological problems and “true spiritual disturbances,” Pope Francis said Friday, but in the latter case, an exorcist should be called in.
GO We Finally Have Photos of Steve Bannon Whiteboard of Trump Promises.
GO According to multiple reports, President Donald Trump’s senior counselor Steve Bannon has displayed a whiteboard in his West Wing office of all the promises that he made to voters.
GO President Trump: Obamacare Repeal May Take Until 2018 - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump lamented that an Obamacare repeal may take until 2018 in an interview with Bill O’Reilly on Super Bowl Sunday.
GO Facebook "Fake News" Censor Correctiv Funded By Soros, Staffed By Left-Wing Establishment.
GO Correctiv, the allegedly   “fake news” censor working with Facebook in Germany is funded by groups linked to   billionaire George Soros and the establishment media.
GO Report: Average College Degree Pays Off by Age 34.
GO It takes an average of 12 years for the full value of a college degree to kick in, according to a report from the College Board.
GO Jim Webb: There’s a ‘Campaign’ on the Hill, in Media, Academia to ‘Personally Discredit’ Trump - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” former U. S. Senator from Virginia, and 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Jim Webb said there was “a campaign” underway on Capitol Hill, in the media and academia “to personally discredit” President Donald Trump.
GO New Hillary Clinton group, ‘Onward Together,’ open to dark money she lambasted during campaign.
GO Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s new political fundraising group “Onward Together” will not have to reveal its donors, and so will apparently be open to the same kind of “dark money” she lambasted during the 2016 campaign.
GO Report: Even Trump’s Twitter Use Can’t Save Platform’s Falling Numbers - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump’s avid use of the social networking service Twitter has not improved the site’s falling userbase, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal.
GO DHS Secretary John Kelly: ’Marijuana Is Not a Factor in the Drug War’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly said marijuana was “not a factor in the drug war.
GO Alabama Woman Arrested After Allegedly Listing 14-Year-Old as Father of Her Baby.
GO A pregnant woman in Hollywood, Alabama, was arrested after allegedly identifying a    boy as the father of her unborn child in an application for Medicaid, reports say.
GO President Trump’s State of the Union Address Most Tweeted About in History - Breitbart.
GO President Trump’s address to congress on Tuesday was the most tweeted of its kind in history, with over 3 million posts made about the speech.
GO Jenny Beth Martin: Paul Ryan Should Have Considered Canceling CNN Town Hall After ’Hit Job’ They Did on Trump.
GO In reaction to House Speaker Paul Ryan’s participation in a recent CNN town hall, Tea Party Patriots President Jenny Beth Martin said to Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Friday, “In light of what happened this last week and the hit job that CNN did on   Trump, I would have considered canceling if I were him.
GO Jerry Brown: California Taxpayers are ’Freeloaders’ - Breitbart.
GO California Governor Jerry Brown referred to taxpayers as “freeloaders” last week for objecting to his new gas tax and car fee hikes.
GO Susan Rice: ’We Can’t Allow Twitter Wars to Become Shooting Wars’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday in Washington, D. C. at the Center for American Progress, President Barack Obama’s former national security adviser Susan Rice criticized President Donald Trump’s foreign policy saying, “We can’t allow Twitter wars to become shooting wars.
GO NPR’s Hinojosa: ’There Should Be An Attempt’ To Have No One Show Up to a Trump Presser - Breitbart.
GO On Saturday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” NPR and PBS host and Futuro Media Group President Maria Hinojosa argued that “there should be an attempt, when there’s a press conference called by the president, that no one shows up.
GO Are you a ‘pornsexual’?.
GO A new sexual orientation to describe those who love porn even more than sex in real life has reportedly emerged.
GO Why boxing can survive a Mayweather-McGregor dud.
GO Oscar De La Hoya took to Facebook recently to offer his disdain for the proposed fight between Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor, suggesting boxing “might never recover” from what he called “a farce.
GO Iranian President Rouhani wins re-election.
GO Tehran, Iran (CNN) Iranian President Hassan Rouhani handily won   in what amounts to a victory for the Shiite nation’s reformist camp and a sign that citizens favor fruitful engagement with the outside world.
GO President’s fiscal 2018 budget would slash EPA spending by 30%.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump’s fiscal 2018 budget request would slash EPA spending by almost a third, according to a copy of the President’s proposal obtained by CNN.
GO Saudi Arabia, US companies reach $55 billion in deals.
GO Riyadh, Saudi Arabia (CNN) Saudi Arabia announced more than $55 billion in deals with US companies Saturday, coinciding with President Donald Trump’s arrival here for a   visit.
GO Comey’s father: Trump was ’scared to death’ of FBI director.
GO Washington (CNN) The father of former FBI Director James Comey says his son was fired because President Donald Trump was ”scared to death of him.” In a phone interview with CNN on Saturday, J. Brien Comey called his son’s firing last week ”a Trump deal.” ”[Comey] didn’t give him 100% loyalty, and he demands that of people who work with him,” the    said.
GO Will Trump hit reset with Muslims?.
GO Riyadh, Saudi Arabia (CNN) A month after Donald Trump called for a ”total and complete shutdown” of Muslims entering the US, a   American named Rose Hamid stood up in the grandstands a few rows behind the presidential candidate.
GO Israel: Netanyahu says all government ministers must attend Trump’s arrival.
GO Jerusalem (CNN) Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has demanded his government ministers attend the arrival ceremony of US President Donald Trump on Monday morning after several of them said they were going to skip it, according to the office of one of the ministers.
GO Manchester bomber probably had ISIS training, US official says.
GO Manchester, England (CNN) Manchester suicide bomber Salman Abedi likely received some ISIS training in Syria in the months before the attack, according to information gathered in the preliminary investigation, a US official told CNN on Thursday.
GO Paul Ryan: James Comey is not a nut job.
GO Washington (CNN) House Speaker Paul Ryan said Wednesday he doesn’t agree with President Donald Trump that former FBI Director James Comey is a ”nut job.” His remarks were in response to a New York Times report that the President bragged to two top Russian officials earlier this month that firing ”nut job” Comey eased ”great pressure” on him.
GO 1 day, 2 presidents: Merkel meets with Obama, then Trump.
GO Berlin (CNN) There’s no secret about which of the two American presidents German Chancellor Angela Merkel is meeting Thursday that she likes the most.
GO Trump at NATO: What to watch.
GO Brussels (CNN) President Donald Trump on Thursday will attend his first NATO summit alongside the 27 other members of the military alliance and join in the opening ceremony of the group’s new headquarters in Brussels.
GO Suicide bombings kill 3 officers at Jakarta bus station, police say.
GO Jakarta, Indonesia (CNN) A pair of suicide bombers struck a bus station Wednesday in the Indonesian capital of Jakarta, police said.
GO Melania Trump is the first Catholic first lady since Jackie Kennedy.
GO Washington (CNN) It was a small moment, buried in the news of President Trump’s brief audience yesterday at the Vatican with the Pope: the pontiff blessed first lady Melania Trump’s rosary.
GO Manchester bomber spoke to brother before attack.
GO Manchester, England (CNN) British authorities are trying to contain the network they believe is behind the Manchester attack as it emerged that the suicide bomber, Salman Abedi, reportedly spoke to his brother in Libya just 15 minutes before he detonated his explosives.
GO What we learned about Melania Trump from her first international trip.
GO Washington (CNN) As the overseas debut of President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump draws to a close    the couple is set to return to Washington this weekend    there was the usual bluster and bravado from the President.
GO Washington Post: Kushner proposed secret communication channel with Kremlin.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump’s    and trusted aide Jared Kushner may have discussed creating a secret communications channel between the Trump transition team and the Kremlin with Russia’s ambassador Sergei Kislyak, The Washington Post reported Friday, citing US officials briefed on intelligence reports.
GO White House will comply with request from US ethics agency.
GO Washington (CNN) The White House on Friday agreed to disclose ethics waivers for executive branch officials, ending a standoff with a federal ethics watchdog agency.
GO 5 things we learned about Hillary Clinton.
GO Washington (CNN) Now that Hillary Clinton is ”out of the woods,” the former Democratic presidential nominee has become more vocal about her experiences during the 2016 election.
GO DHS secretary: People would ’never leave the house’ if they knew what I knew.
GO Washington (CNN) Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said Friday that the American public would ”never leave the house” if they knew what he knew about terrorist threats.
GO Chinese jets conduct unsafe maneuver near US aircraft.
GO Washington (CNN) Two Chinese   fighter jets conducted unsafe maneuvers while intercepting a US surveillance aircraft that was operating in international airspace near the South China Sea, according to the Navy.
GO DC sniper Malvo to be resentenced.
GO Washington (CNN) A federal judge in Virginia overturned the two life sentences of   sniper Lee Boyd Malvo on Friday, more than a decade after he was originally sentenced as a teenager.
GO Prince Harry hosts Obama at Kensington Palace .
GO London (CNN) Prince Harry welcomed Barack Obama at Kensington Palace in London on Saturday during the former President’s latest stop in Europe.
GO Baseball Hall of Famer and former US Sen. Jim Bunning dies.
GO Washington (CNN) Former US Sen. Jim Bunning, the only National Baseball Hall of Fame member ever to serve in Congress, has died at the age of 85.
GO Rick Santorum to President Trump: Stop tweeting.
GO Washington (CNN) Former senator and Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum says he believes the Trump administration could be doing well, if only the President would stop doing one thing: Tweeting.
GO Moscow storm kills 16, knocks down thousands of trees.
GO Moscow (CNN) A fierce storm whipped through Moscow on Monday, killing 16 people, toppling thousands of trees and damaging several buildings, officials said.
GO How Trump can change the subject.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump’s odyssey through Europe and the Middle East fulfilled a more narrow political focus for the reeling White House: It was a   distraction from the dominant narrative of a presidency under siege.
GO Race to evacuate 1 million people as cyclone makes landfall in Bangladesh.
GO Dhaka, Bangladesh (CNN) Bangladesh has moved to evacuate nearly one million people from   areas as a powerful tropical cyclone pounds the country’s southern coastline.
GO Joe Biden launching political action committee.
GO Washington (CNN) Former Vice President Joe Biden is launching a political action committee, which is set to kick into gear Thursday morning, a Biden aide tells CNN.
GO Can Trump block Comey from testifying? .
GO Washington (CNN) Former FBI Director James Comey will have the nation captivated next Thursday when he testifies before a Senate panel about the stunning accusations that President Donald Trump pressured him to end his investigation into his former national security adviser’s ties to Russia.
GO State Department won’t say why Tillerson did not attend Trump climate speech.
GO Washington (CNN) The State Department is declining to say why Secretary of State Rex Tillerson did not attend President Donald Trump’s announcement that he was pulling the US out of the Paris climate agreement.
GO The man behind the decision to pull out of the Paris agreement.
GO Washington (CNN) Myron Ebell hadn’t met President Donald Trump until Thursday at the White House following the President’s decision to pull out of the Paris climate accord.
GO London terror attack: Police fired ’unprecedented’ number of rounds.
GO London (CNN) Armed officers responding to the London Bridge terror attack fired an ”unprecedented” number of rounds at the three attackers because they were wearing what appeared to be suicide belts, police said.
GO Trump notes lack of guns in London attacks to make a point about gun control.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump pointed out on Twitter that the Saturday evening attacks in London had not spurred an immediate debate about gun control because the attackers did not use guns.
GO ‘Delusional’ Theresa May Slammed for Giving ‘Victory Speech’.
GO Theresa May has been called “delusional” and “in denial” after giving a ‘victory speech’ in which she promised to remain in power and carry on as normal for another five years, despite last night’s disastrous election result.
GO De Blasio: NYC Will Be at Risk of Terror If Sessions Cuts Law Enforcement Funding to Sanctuary Cities.
GO New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said Monday that the city will be at risk of terror attacks if Attorney General Jeff Sessions cuts federal law enforcement funding to sanctuary cities, the Daily Caller reported.
GO Nina Turner: ’No One in Ohio Is Asking About Russia’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” while discussing reports that President Donald Trump’s    White House senior advisor Jared Kushner attempted to set up a back channel with Russia, former Democrat state senator from Ohio Nina Turner said, “No one in Ohio is asking about Russia.
GO Rush Limbaugh: Obama Actually Did What Trump Is Accused of Doing - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh argued former President Barack Obama “actually did” what New York Times report has accused President Donald Trump of doing regarding an FBI investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
GO Barack Obama Jets to Milan to Deliver Climate Change Speech.
GO Former President Barack Obama jetted to Milan, Italy on Monday for a speech about climate change.
GO Director Judd Apatow Supports Far-Left Berkeley Riot, Warns ’This is Just the Beginning’ - Breitbart.
GO Hollywood director, writer, and producer Judd Apatow warned conservatives on Twitter that last night’s riot at UC Berkeley was “just the beginning,” adding: “When will all the fools who are still supporting Trump realize what is at stake?
GO Four MS-13 Members Convicted in Racketeering Case.
GO Four members of the violent, foreign   gang were convicted on federal racketeering charges, some of which involved murder.
GO Italian Prosecutor Accuses Charities of Colluding With Traffickers in Libya.
GO Charity boats rescuing migrants in the Mediterranean are colluding with traffickers in Libya, an Italian prosecutor was quoted as saying Sunday, stirring up a simmering row over aid groups’ role in Europe’s migrant crisis.
GO Democratic Rep. Richmond: Kellyanne Conway Looked ’Familiar’ Kneeling on Oval Office Couch.
GO Rep. Cedric Richmond ( ) said Wednesday that White House adviser Kellyanne Conway “looked kind of familiar” kneeling on the Oval Office couch.
GO Martin Luther King III: ‘Time to Move Forward’ After John Lewis Spat - Breitbart.
GO Martin Luther King III met with   Donald Trump on Monday, recognizing the holiday in honor of his father, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. [After the meeting, King was questioned by reporters who repeatedly asked him to react to Trump’s comments about Democratic Congressman John Lewis.
GO Senator John McCain Makes Secret Trip to Syria - Breitbart.
GO Senator John McCain ( ) chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, made a secret trip to Kurdish territory in Syria last weekend, where he visited American military personnel.
GO Audit: UC President Napolitano Hid $175 Million While Raising Tuition - Breitbart.
GO The California State Auditor issued a scathing report last week alleging that University of California President and former Obama Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano raised tuitions while her office hid $175 million.
GO Barack Obama: Eating More Steaks Contributes to Climate Change.
GO Former President Barack Obama warned the world that more people on the planet were eating meat, causing a dramatic rise in climate emissions.
GO Kathy Griffin: Trump, First Family ‘Personally Trying to Ruin My Life Forever’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday at a press conference to address the controversy over her photo holding up a bloodied mask of President Donald Trump, Kathy Griffin accused Trump and his family of “personally trying to ruin my life forever.
GO Islamic State Death Tally from MOAB Bomb Up to 94, Afghan Officials Say.
GO The tally of ISIS terrorists killed by the MOAB bomb dropped Thursday by the U. S. military in Afghanistan is up to 94, Afghan officials say.
GO Hillary Clinton Declares ‘Future is Female’ - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton recorded a message for the women’s rights campaign group MAKERS in which she praised the “amazing energy” of January’s   women’s march while declaring that the “future is female.
GO Tiger Woods Turns to TaylorMade in Return to Tour at Farmers Insurance Open - Breitbart.
GO Tiger Woods may even know more about winning than the   fellow now occupying 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. in Washington D. C.[The    golf legend will tee it up Thursday for the first time in 18 months in a PGA Tour tournament at the Farmers Insurance Open.
GO CNN’s Mary Katharine Ham: I’m Bothered By Suggestion That Ryan Owens’ Widow Was ‘Only a Political Prop’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on CNN’s “Inside Politics,” network contributor Mary Katharine Ham said as a recent widow she was “bothered” by those claiming the widow of Navy SEAL William “Ryan” Owens, Carryn Owens, was “only a political prop” at President Donald Trump’s address to a joint session of Congress Tuesday night.
GO Gwyneth Paltrow Cookbooks Could Increase Risk of Food Poisoning, Professor Warns.
GO Recipes included in Gwyneth Paltrow’s cookbooks include incomplete cooking instructions that could lead to increased risk of food poisoning, a food safety expert has warned.
GO Fake News: NBC Issues Correction After Falsely Claiming Putin ‘Does Not Deny’ Having Compromising Info on Trump - Breitbart.
GO NBC News was forced to issue a correction on Sunday evening after spinning its newest talent Megyn Kelly’s interview to falsely claim that Russian President Vladimir Putin “does not deny having compromising information” on President Donald Trump.
GO Obama: ’Political Courage’ Needed to Save Obamacare - Breitbart.
GO Former president Barack Obama has claimed that lawmakers will need to exercise “political courage” in order to save his landmark health care act, commonly known as Obamacare.
GO Black Journalist Group Demands Meeting With NBC After Tamron Hall ‘Whitewashing’.
GO The National Association of Black Journalists (NABJ) America’s largest advocacy organization for journalists of color, is demanding a meeting with NBC executives following what the group calls the “whitewashing” of Tamron Hall after she left the network earlier this week.
GO Fort Lauderdale Shooter Esteban Santiago, A Troubled Man Known to the FBI - Breitbart.
GO Fort Lauderdale airport shooter Esteban Santiago was a troubled man with a history of mental health issues, along with claims of connections to the ISIS terror group, plus possible involvement with the FBI, say media reports of his background.
GO Coulter: ’Utterly Outrageous’ for Comey to Not Publicly Clear Trump - Breitbart.
GO Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” conservative commentator and author Ann Coulter said it was “utterly outrageous” that former FBI Director James Comey refused to publicly clear President Donald Trump of any collusion with Russia in the 2016 presidential election.
GO London Clinic Supporting FGM Victims Forced To Close By Labour Council.
GO One of London’s only clinics to help women who have suffered female genital mutilation (FGM) is being forced to close because of funding cuts by the   Ealing council.
GO WATCH: UC Davis Protester Screams Obscenities At Martin Shkreli - Breitbart.
GO Entrepreneur Martin Shkreli was confronted by an irate protester outside UC Davis, where he was scheduled to appear   with Breitbart senior editor MILO before the event was cancelled.
GO Report: Florida Woman Allegedly Stole More Than $93,000 in City Funds to Pay for Brazilian Butt Lift - Breitbart.
GO A woman who worked for the city of Gainesville, Florida, allegedly stole more than $93, 000 in city funds and used the money to pay for a Brazilian butt lift as well as other purchases, according to a report.
GO FS1’s Cowherd Slams ’Sellout’ Kaepernick: Where’s Your Courage Now That You’re a Free Agent? - Breitbart.
GO On his Thursday Fox Sports 1 radio show, Colin Cowherd slammed quarterback Colin Kaepernick’s courage for choosing to end his national anthem protest now that he is looking for a job in the NFL, calling the quarterback a “sellout.
GO Trump on If He Urged Comey to End Flynn Probe: ‘No, No, Next Question’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday at a joint news conference with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, when asked if he urged FBI Director James Comey to close down the investigation into Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump denied doing so.
GO Pictured: Police Release Mugshot of Westminster Killer Khalid Masood.
GO London’s Metropolitan Police have released the first photograph of Islamist killer Khalid Masood, who went on a rampage in Westminster on Wednesday.
GO Panetta: Trump Is Questioning the Patriotism of the Intel Community - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said President Donald Trump’s lack of confidence in the intelligence community over leaks to the media was “the last thing they need,” which he said was to have a president questioning their “patriotism.
GO Eric Bolling: I Hate What Paul Ryan Did to the President - Breitbart.
GO Friday on Fox News Channel’s “The Five,” while discussing President Donald Trump and Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) decision to not go forward with a vote on the American Health Care Act,   Eric Bolling said Ryan falsely led Trump to believe the bill was ready to pass.
GO MILO: Aquinas and Augustine Were Radical Progressives - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO claimed St. Aquinas and St. Augustine were radical progressives for their time during his talk on abortion at Cal Poly State University on Tuesday.
GO Sinaloa Cartel Hitman Jailed for Kidnapping, Killing Texas Man.
GO A Sinaloa Cartel hitman has been sentenced to 24 years in federal prison for his role in kidnapping a man in Texas who was then tortured, murdered, and mutilated in Mexico.
GO Ryan: ’I Don’t Agree’ With Trump on Former FBI Director Comey - He Is Not a ’Nut Job’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday during an Axios interview, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) said he didn’t agree with President Donald Trump that former FBI Director James Comey was a “nut job.
GO Gun-Controlled Chicago: Over 1,000 Shooting Victims This Year.
GO   Chicago already has yielded more than 1, 000 shooting victims as of April 27 of this year alone.
GO Maher: I Want Democrats to Say ’You’re Either With Us or With the Russians’ - Breitbart.
GO During an interview with Representative Adam Schiff ( ) on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher said he wants Democrats to make the sale that “You’re either with us or with the Russians.
GO Donald Trump Has ‘Total’ Confidence in Attorney General Jeff Sessions - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump reaffirmed his support for his Attorney General Jeff Sessions, despite Congressional Democrats calling for Sessions’ resignation.
GO Terry McAuliffe: ’We Lose 93 Million Americans a Day to Gun Violence’ - Breitbart.
GO While speaking to reporters about the shooting in Alexandria, Virginia, Governor Terry McAuliffe (D) said now is not the time to talk gun control but we must admit “we lose 93 million Americans a day to gun violence.
GO Gowdy: No Reauthorization of Surveillance Programs Until Unmasking Questions Answered - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” Rep. Trey Gowdy ( ) said Congress would not reauthorize certain surveillance programs until questions about the “unmasking” of Americans’ identities under the past administration were answered.
GO Sen Perdue on Trump’s First 100 Days: Consumer Confidence Is the Highest It’s Been in 20 Years - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on CNBC’s “Squawk Box,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office, Sen. David Perdue ( ) heralded Trump’s leadership, noting, “Consumer confidence is actually up, it’s the highest it’s been in 20 years.
GO Kerry: Trump Saying He’ll Get Better Climate Deal Like OJ Saying He Will Find The Real Killer - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” former Secretary of State John Kerry said President Donald Trump promising to negotiate a new deal on the Paris climate accord is like OJ Simpson saying he will find the real killer.
GO Nikki Haley Warns North Korea: ‘Don’t Give Us a Reason’ to Fight.
GO U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said Monday that “all options are on the table” when it comes to North Korea, and warned the dictatorship not to “give us a reason” to fight.
GO David Brooks: I Fear the Trump Administration Is Anarchy - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” New York Times   columnist David Brooks said he fears the Trump administration was “anarchy.
GO California Governor Jerry Brown Asks President Trump for Help.
GO On Friday, California Governor Jerry Brown sought federal help from President Trump by asking the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to declare “a major disaster” in California in light of the damage done by recent storms.
GO Paul Ryan Says Obamacare Repeal Bill Will Defund Planned Parenthood - Breitbart.
GO The budget bill Republicans will use to begin Obamacare’s repeal would also eliminate Planned Parenthood’s taxpayer funding, according to House Speaker Paul Ryan.
GO MILO Fan Sues UC Berkeley for $23 Million over Abuse Against Conservatives on Campus - Breitbart.
GO A fan of former Breitbart senior editor Milo Yiannopoulos is suing UC Berkeley for $23 million, claiming routine abuse against conservative students on campus.
GO Police: Naked Man Attacked, Urinated on Police Car - Breitbart.
GO A Florida man found walking on a highway naked attacked a sheriff’s car and urinated on it, police say.
GO CNN’s Tapper: Hillary ’Doesn’t Seem to Have Done Enough Introspection’ - Putin Didn’t Keep You Out of Wisconsin - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” anchor Jake Tapper said that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s remarks where she placed some of the blame for her defeat on Vladimir Putin and FBI Director James Comey show “she doesn’t seem to have done enough introspection.
GO Netflix CEO: Net Neutrality Not Important to Us ’Because We’re Big Enough’ to Get Deals We Want - Breitbart.
GO Netflix CEO Reed Hastings addressed the Trump Administration’s stance against net neutrality on Wednesday, claiming, “It’s not narrowly important to us because we’re big enough to get the deals we want.
GO Rep. Louie Gohmert: Trump Will Use Twitter to Make Congress Keep Its Promises.
GO On Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily, Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) said he looked forward to President Donald Trump using old and new media to keep congressional Republicans focused on the most important issues.
GO Curt Schilling: I’d Be Voted in MLB HOF if I Said ’Lynch Trump’ - Breitbart.
GO Former Major League Baseball star Curt Schilling said in an interview with TMZ Sports that the outspokenness of his political views are keeping him out of the MLB Hall of Fame.
GO Golf Channel’s Brandel Chamblee Thinks ‘Golf Should Ban Twitter’ - Breitbart.
GO Unkind tweets made towards golf commentator Brandel Chamblee upset him so much, that he has to delete 10 tweets a day and calculates that he has banned over 20, 000 people from his Twitter account since he started criticizing PGA players from his throne at the Golf Channel.
GO Repeal Of North Carolina’s HB2 Law Fails As Legislature Adjourns Special Session.
GO Updated at 8:00 p. m. ET, The North Carolina Legislature began a special session on Wednesday morning to vote on the repeal of a controversial state law that limits civil rights protections for LGBT people, but the effort failed by day’s end as the Legislature adjourned without passing any bill.
GO Trump Team Asks State Dept. To Name Those Working On Gender Equality.
GO   Donald Trump’s transition team has asked the State Department to list its workers who focus on gender equality and ending violence against women, in what’s being seen as an echo of an earlier request for the Energy Department to list employees who work on climate change.
GO What We Know About Anis Amri, Suspect In Berlin Market Attack.
GO With a manhunt and a $100, 000 reward aimed at his capture, more details are emerging about Anis Amri, the chief suspect in Monday’s attack on a Christmas market in Berlin.
GO Trump’s Businesses Could Be Tripped Up By A 2012 Insider Trading Law.
GO   Donald Trump insists he can do all the business deals he wants while serving in the White House, but a 2012 law barring insider trading by government officials could make doing so a lot more complicated.
GO Ikea To Pay $50 Million Over 3 Toddler Deaths From Dresser Tip-Overs.
GO Ikea has reached a $50 million settlement with the families of three toddlers who died after unsecured Ikea dressers tipped over, according to lawyers for the families.
GO Latinos Will Never Vote For A Republican, And Other Myths About Hispanics From 2016.
GO There were two major assumptions about Latino voters throughout the presidential campaign: (1) a record number of Latinos would show up on Election Day to oppose Donald Trump’s candidacy and, (2) the   rhetoric that launched Trump’s campaign would push   Hispanics to flee the Republican Party.
GO Following Negotiations, No Rockettes Will Be Required To Perform At Inauguration.
GO The Radio City Rockettes deal in precision, but the story of the group agreeing to perform at Donald Trump’s inauguration ceremony next month is a bit of a mess.
GO VIDEO: Wrap Up These Tamales For A Christmas Eve Feast.
GO For many Latinos, the taste of Christmas Eve is a delicious gift of corn masa and filling wrapped up in aromatic leaves: tamales.
GO Vera Rubin, Who Confirmed Existence Of Dark Matter, Dies At 88.
GO Vera Rubin, the groundbreaking astrophysicist who discovered evidence of dark matter, died Sunday night at the age of 88, the Carnegie Institution confirms.
GO Pope Francis Offers A Message Of Peace In Annual Christmas Day Blessing.
GO Pope Francis gave the traditional Christmas Day blessing on Sunday, calling for peace in Syria and other countries ”scarred by war.” An estimated 40, 000 tourists and Romans gathered in St. Peter’s Square to hear the message, which was delivered from the balcony of St. Peter’s Basilica, ”Urbi et Orbi”: to the city and the world.
GO The Future Of Medicaid May Be Found In Indiana, Where The Poor Pay.
GO To get a glimpse of where Medicaid may be headed after Donald Trump moves into the White House, it may be wise to look to Indiana.
GO Viking’s Choice: The Year In The Loud And The Weird.
GO All year long in my Viking’s Choice column, I attempt to simultaneously crush and widen the ears of All Songs Considered fans.
GO Charleston Shooter Won’t Call Witnesses, Offer Evidence During Penalty Phase .
GO The man convicted of the deadly shooting rampage at a Charleston, South Carolina church says he won’t call witnesses or offer evidence that could spare his life in the penalty phase of his murder trial.
GO Is It Possible To Die Of Grief?.
GO The actress Debbie Reynolds’ death just one day after her daughter, Carrie Fisher, died has led some to speculate that grief from the loss might have been a contributing factor.
GO Data Dive: What $30 trillion will get you.
GO If you add up the value of every house on every street in every town in the United States, you come up with a very big number    $29.
GO China’s Anbang raises offer for Starwood to $14 billion.
GO The bidding war for Starwood has pitted Marriott’s ambitions to create the world’s largest lodging company with about 5, 700 hotels against Anbang’s drive to create a vast portfolio of U. S. real estate assets.
GO Washington’s MedStar Health shuts down computers after virus.
GO ”Networks temporarily shut down to prevent virus spread,” MedStar, the operator of 10 hospitals in Washington and Maryland, said on Twitter.
GO NY state reaches deal to raise minimum wage toward $15 an hour.
GO   Governor Andrew Cuomo and state legislative leaders reached a deal on Thursday to raise New York state’s minimum wage towards $15 per hour, but fell short of a uniform   increase.
GO Trump would try to squeeze Mexico into funding border wall.
GO WASHINGTON   Donald Trump proposed on Tuesday forcing Mexico to pay for his planned border wall by threatening to block remittances from illegal immigrants, which he said amounts to ”welfare” for poor families in Mexico that their government does not provide.
GO Federal Reserve’s Kashkari snags Bernanke in push on too-big-to-fail.
GO Bernanke, who helmed the U. S. central bank through the worst financial crisis in modern times in   will speak at a panel on May 16 at a symposium as part of Kashkari’s initiative to end ”too big to fail,” according to a press release on Tuesday.
GO Washington Monument to remain closed for at least two more years.
GO    Billionaire philanthropist David Rubenstein has agreed to fund an overhaul of the Washington Monument’s broken elevator system, but the beleaguered landmark will probably remain closed for the next 2    years, the National Park Service says.
GO One year after the San Bernardino attack, police offer a possible motive as questions still linger.
GO      A year after the terrorist attack in San Bernardino, Calif. that killed 14 people and wounded 22 others, authorities are still probing the shooting and trying to answer lingering questions about what happened.
GO Army will deny easement, halting work on Dakota Access Pipeline.
GO      The Army said Sunday that it will not approve an easement necessary to permit the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline to cross under Lake Oahe in North Dakota, marking a monumental victory for the Native American tribes and thousands of others who have flocked in recent months to protest the oil pipeline.
GO The Plum Book is here, for those angling for jobs in Trump’s Washington.
GO     The biggest Help Wanted ad in eight years will materialize in Washington first thing Monday: A   paperback listing 9, 000 political jobs that will be available for those who want to work in Donald Trump’s administration.
GO Al Gore just had ‘an extremely interesting conversation’ with Trump on climate change.
GO          As Donald Trump continues to indicate that he might be willing to change his position on climate change, which he has long called a “hoax,” the   met Monday with former vice president Al Gore, who has become a prominent activist in the fight against global warming.
GO Dylann Roof gets his attorneys back for part of the Charleston church shooting trial.
GO      The white man charged with killing nine black parishioners inside a Charleston, S. C. church last year, who had asked to represent himself in court, reversed course and now wants his defense attorneys back for part of the trial.
GO Citing high cost, Trump says Boeing’s contract to build Air Force One should be canceled.
GO            Donald Trump tweeted Tuesday morning that Boeing’s contract to build the next Air Force One should be canceled because of the high cost of the program.
GO Trump to name Scott Pruitt, Oklahoma attorney general suing EPA on climate change, to head the EPA.
GO            Donald Trump is expected to nominate Scott Pruitt, the attorney general of the oil and   state of Oklahoma, to head the Environmental Protection Agency, a move signaling an assault on President Obama’s climate change and environmental legacy.
GO Retired Marine Gen. John F. Kelly picked to head Department of Homeland Security.
GO    Donald Trump has chosen retired Marine Gen. John F. Kelly to run the Department of Homeland Security, turning to a   border security hawk who clashed with the Obama administration over women in combat and plans to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay, according to people familiar with the decision.
GO Two juveniles charged with arson in East Tennessee wildfires that left 14 people dead.
GO      Two juveniles have been charged with aggravated arson in connection with the East Tennessee wildfires that killed 14 people last week and left nearly 150 others injured, authorities said Wednesday.
GO Trump to name Andrew Puzder, a fast-food CEO and critic of substantially raising the minimum wage, to head the Labor Department.
GO        Donald Trump is expected to name   executive Andrew Puzder, a vocal critic of substantially increasing the minimum wage and an opponent of rules that would make more workers eligible for overtime pay, as head of the Labor Department, according to a Republican briefed on the decision.
GO Senate Democrats threaten brief shutdown over policies they hope Trump will support.
GO      Senate Democrats are threatening to force a brief government shutdown this weekend to pressure Republicans to support policies they say match promises   Donald Trump made on the campaign trail to help coal country and boost American manufacturers.
GO Trump’s generals, hardened by war, see militant Islam, Iran as dire dangers.
GO    Donald Trump is assembling a national security team dominated by retired generals who share a deep distrust of Iran and have characterized the threat of militant Islam in far more dire terms than Obama administration officials and intelligence assessments.
GO Trump to name Goldman Sachs veteran, Gary Cohn, to head National Economic Council.
GO          NEW YORK      Donald Trump is expected to name a top Goldman Sachs executive, Gary Cohn, to lead the National Economic Council, handing the Wall Street veteran significant sway over his administration’s economic policy.
GO Beyond Pizzagate: These are the real conspiracies.
GO      If there is one thing that I learned from Pizzagate, it is that we are working much, much too hard to find conspiracies.
GO A Marine veteran in Congress opposes Mattis becoming Pentagon chief, and reaction is fierce.
GO      A member of Congress who served as a Marine in Iraq said he has been called “everything you can under the sun” by fellow veterans for his decision to oppose retired Marine Gen. James N. Mattis becoming defense secretary, but he stands by his choice.
GO Trump taps former Texas Gov. Rick Perry to head Energy Department he once vowed to abolish.
GO            Donald Trump has picked Rick Perry to head the Energy Department, said two people familiar with the decision, seeking to put the former Texas governor in control of an agency whose name he forgot during a presidential debate even as he vowed to abolish it.
GO Federal Reserve raises interest rates for second time in a decade.
GO          The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate on Wednesday for the first time in a year and signaled that rates could continue to rise next year more quickly than officials had expected.
GO How might Nixon’s ‘madman theory’ apply to Trump?.
GO      In 1987, Politico reported this week, former president Richard Nixon wrote a brief letter to future president Donald Trump.
GO Former Milwaukee police officer charged with homicide for shooting that set off violent unrest.
GO      A former police officer in Milwaukee was charged with homicide Thursday for fatally shooting a man in August, an incident that sparked days of violent unrest on the city’s streets.
GO Facebook will start telling you when a story may be fake.
GO          Facebook has struggled for months over whether it should crack down on false news stories and hoaxes that are being spread on its site.
GO Pentagon: Chinese naval ship seized an unmanned U.S. ocean glider in South China Sea.
GO      A Chinese naval ship seized an underwater naval drone that was being used by the U. S. Navy to test water conditions in the South China Sea, the Pentagon said Friday.
GO The GOP coup in North Carolina previews what we’re going to see everywhere.
GO      There’s a kind of coup going on in North Carolina, one that tells us a lot about just how far Republicans are willing to go to hold on to power and undercut Democrats.
GO President Obama bans oil drilling in large areas of Atlantic and Arctic oceans.
GO      President Obama moved to solidify his environmental legacy Tuesday by withdrawing hundreds of millions of acres of federally owned land in the Arctic and Atlantic Ocean from new offshore oil and gas drilling.
GO Emails between Clinton and top aide, but little else, spurred FBI to resume controversial probe.
GO      The FBI told a federal judge that it needed to search a computer to resume its investigation of Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server because agents had found correspondence on the device between Clinton and top aide Huma Abedin but they did not know what was being discussed, according to newly unsealed court documents.
GO Russia’s popularity among Americans sinks to 30-year low, new poll finds.
GO Russia’s popularity among Americans has once again dropped to Cold   depths, according to a new poll from the Chicago Council on Global Affairs released on Wednesday.
GO How Fast Is the Universe Expanding?.
GO What astronomers are still trying to determine, however, is exactly how fast the universe is expanding.
GO So, What Is a Border Adjustment?.
GO President Donald Trump and his administration have used the term “border tax” in some confusing ways.
GO How Culture Became a Powerful Political Weapon.
GO But comprehending how dominant culture has become also means thinking about the ways it can be, and has been, employed to manipulate consumers, by politicians, brands, and other powerful institutions.
GO Paul Ryan Calls Trump’s Handling of Immigration Order ’Regrettable’.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday offered mild criticism of the Trump administration’s handling of the president’s executive order on immigration, saying that “regrettably, the rollout was confusing.
GO How Political Will the 2017 Super Bowl Ads Be?.
GO So the question for 2017 is, how political will this year’s Super Bowl ads be?
GO Should There Be an Oscars This Year?.
GO For this year’s ceremony, however, something more immediate is at stake.
GO Is the Refugee Deal With Australia ‘Dumb’?.
GO At issue are the 1, 250 refugees from Afghanistan, Iran, Malaysia, Vietnam, and other countries that the Obama administration committed to accepting from an offshore Australian detention center after last November’s presidential election.
GO How to Make Time Pass Quickly.
GO Recently the question has morphed into something closer to: Is there any way to harness this effect to make certain periods of time move more quickly?
GO Playing the Super Bowl Halftime Show: An Unpaid Internship?.
GO “I’m sure they want to be compensated, but in terms of events here in America, the Super Bowl halftime show is one of the best for an artist from a branding perspective,” says Derek Rucker, a professor of marketing at Northwestern’s Kellogg School of Management who evaluates brands’ presentations of themselves every year for the Kellogg Super Bowl Ad Review.
GO Where Countries Stand With Donald Trump: A Cheat Sheet.
GO Below is a rough ranking of where key countries seem to stand with The Donald at the moment.
GO Google Remakes the Satellite Business, by Leaving It.
GO From a business standpoint, here’s the news: Google sold its   satellite business, known as Terra Bella, to Planet, Inc.
GO Is The Walking Dead’s Villain Killing the Show?.
GO For years, any argument over The Walking Dead’s quality has been rendered almost moot by its enormous viewership.
GO The Views of Jupiter You Won’t Find in a Textbook.
GO This sideways view of Jupiter is the one humans have been used to seeing for decades, since the first   photos of the gas giant were taken by spacecraft in the 1970s.
GO What The Young Pope Preached About Love.
GO This is a central question of religion, but it is not the central question of The Young Pope.
GO Flynn’s Calls With Russia’s Ambassador: Who Knew What, and When?.
GO Mike Flynn resigned Monday as President Trump’s   adviser, capping a tumultuous few weeks that began with revelations he had discussed U. S. sanctions on Russia with Sergey Kislyak, the Russian ambassador to the U. S. before Trump’s inauguration on January 20.
GO Can Europe Go On Like This?.
GO A Europe on its own could prove easy pickings for Russian President Vladimir Putin, who seems only to respect the language of brawn borders pose no barrier to his volition.
GO How Often Do Airplanes Hit Deer?.
GO Other times, in more literal collisions, the results are that you have to make an emergency landing in North Carolina because your airplane hit a deer.
GO World leaders must show us the money to hit goals on poverty, inequality: U.N. adviser.
GO LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation)   World leaders need to ramp up investment to achieve a set of global goals agreed a year ago to combat poverty, inequality, and make the world a safer place by 2030, according to a key adviser on the United Nation’s blueprint for the future.
GO Commentary: Clinton won the debate. So what?.
GO Many political analysts and commentators declared that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton delivered a   performance at the presidential debate on Monday night.
GO Lack of data on sexual rights leaves millions of girls ’invisible’: report.
GO LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation)   Millions of girls are left ”invisible” because of a lack of data, a children’s charity said on Monday, and the absence of accurate statistics on issues such as sexual violence means policymakers cannot draw up effective plans to help them.
GO Commentary: Trump is (mostly) wrong on Mosul.
GO Donald Trump’s grasp of international politics may sometimes be vague, but even he has noticed that there is a fight coming for Mosul.
GO Deutsche Bank dashes back to bond market.
GO NEW YORK (IFR)   Deutsche Bank made a   return to the US   bond market on Tuesday, satisfying investor demand by tapping last week’s $3 billion deal for another $1.
GO British PM to human traffickers: ’We are coming after you’.
GO LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation)   British Prime Minister Theresa May vowed on Wednesday to put the UK at the forefront of global efforts to eradicate modern slavery, warning human traffickers: ”We are coming after you.” May called for a greater urgency in tackling a borderless crime affecting an estimated 46 million people worldwide and generating $150 billion in illegal profits a year.
GO Tens of millions face poverty unless cities plan for disasters: World Bank.
GO NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation)   Climate change could plunge tens of millions of city dwellers into poverty in the next 15 years, threatening to undo decades of development efforts, the World Bank said on Wednesday.
GO Obama to watch potential successors debate on TV ’in the background’.
GO Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama will watch his potential successors square off during their first debate Monday night, though even the blockbuster political event isn’t likely to pull him from his   work.
GO Trump: Stop-and-frisk would ’overwhelmingly’ save black and Hispanic lives.
GO Melbourne, Florida (CNN) Donald Trump argued Tuesday that the controversial    policing tactic once employed in New York City is constitutional, adding that it would ”overwhelmingly” save   and Hispanic lives.
GO Appeals court hears high-stakes challenge to Obama’s clean power plan.
GO Washington (CNN) Ten judges on a powerful federal appeals court in Washington heard more than six hours of arguments Tuesday concerning a cornerstone of President Barack Obama’s legacy on the environment: the Clean Power Plan.
GO How Hillary Clinton found her stride on gender.
GO New York (CNN) After 30 years in the spotlight, Hillary Clinton finally found the balance on gender that has bedeviled her throughout her career during the debate at Hofstra Monday night.
GO Carson: Trump ’learned a lot’ from first debate.
GO Washington (CNN) Former Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson, who now serves as a surrogate for Donald Trump, said that the Republican nominee has ”learned a lot” from his performance at the first presidential debate against Hillary Clinton on Monday.
GO Michelle Obama goes off on Donald Trump.
GO New York (CNN) First Lady Michelle Obama tore into Donald Trump Wednesday, telling Hillary Clinton supporters, ”We need an adult in the White House.” ”When making       decisions, a president can’t just pop off or lash out irrationally,” she said on behalf of the Democratic presidential nominee at La Salle University in Philadelphia.
GO Trump jokes: ’Raise your hand if you’re not a Christian conservative’.
GO Council Bluffs, Iowa (CNN) Donald Trump, touting the support he’s received from evangelicals in this battleground state, called on his supporters at a rally here to identify themselves as ”Christian conservatives.” Then, he asked those who aren’t to raise their hands and jokingly questioned whether he should ”keep them in the room.” ”Raise your hand, Christian conservatives everybody,” Trump said, drawing a smattering of cheers and raised arms.
GO Clinton super PAC puts $10M behind anti-Trump ad.
GO Des Moines, Iowa (CNN) Hillary Clinton’s   super PAC, Priorities USA, is planning to knock Donald Trump for comments the Republican presidential nominee made mocking a reporter’s disability as part of their largest ad buy of the campaign.
GO Weld: Clinton might be most qualified candidate.
GO Washington (CNN) Libertarian vice presidential hopeful Bill Weld said Friday that he’s ”not sure anybody is more qualified than Hillary Clinton to be president of the United States,” the latest misstep in what’s been a painful week for the   ticket.
GO Video of Trump acknowledging business losses released.
GO Washington (CNN) Video was released Friday of Donald Trump acknowledging that his   comments calling Mexicans ”rapists” harmed his business interests.
GO Clinton, Dems haul in $154M in September.
GO Washington (CNN) September marked Hillary Clinton’s best month for fundraising, with more than $154 million raised, the campaign said Saturday.
GO Ivanka Trump debuts in television ad for her father.
GO Washington (CNN) Ivanka Trump, the poised    daughter long considered one of her father’s best surrogates, is starring in a new television ad in what is an overt effort by Donald Trump to win over female voters.
GO Afghan forces regain control of key city after Taliban raid.
GO Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) Afghan forces have regained control of the center of the strategically important northern city of Kunduz from Taliban fighters, Afghan police said Tuesday.
GO Clinton: Trump ’contributing nothing to our nation’.
GO Toledo, Ohio (CNN) Hillary Clinton laced into Donald Trump on Monday for living a billionaire’s lifestyle while ”contributing nothing to our nation,” in her first public remarks about a New York Times report that revealed Trump might have avoided paying federal income taxes for close to two decades.
GO Eric Trump: My father has paid a ’tremendous amount of tax’.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s son, Eric, said Tuesday night that the Republican presidential nominee pays a ”tremendous amount of tax” after being asked to put to rest questions about whether his father has paid federal income taxes in recent years.
GO Hong Kong protest leader barred from Thailand.
GO Hong Kong (CNN) Joshua Wong, a student leader who helped bring tens of thousands of people onto Hong Kong’s streets during   protests in 2014, was deported to Hong Kong after being detained at Bangkok airport.
GO Hurricane Matthew heads to Bahamas after killing 15.
GO Santiago de Cuba (CNN) Hurricane Matthew took aim at the Bahamas on Thursday after leaving behind a humanitarian crisis in Haiti.
GO DOJ: Government contractor stole secret intelligence.
GO Washington (CNN) A government contractor was arrested in August for allegedly stealing top secret intelligence, the Department of Justice announced Wednesday.
GO Eric Trump appears on radio program that sparked controversy for his brother.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s son, Eric Trump, appeared on a radio show Wednesday that caused controversy for his brother earlier in the year over its ties to a white nationalist.
GO Lewandowski on Trump: ’We’re not electing a Sunday school teacher’.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s former campaign manager acknowledged Friday that vulgar statements the Republican presidential nominee made about women in 2005 were indefensible, but said the US was not ”electing a Sunday school teacher.” Corey Lewandowski told CNN that Trump’s lewd and sexually aggressive remarks from 2005 that were surfaced Friday did not reflect the man he came to know on the campaign trail.
GO Chicago police want feedback on use of force.
GO Chicago (CNN) The Chicago Police Department on Friday announced several proposed changes to how it defines and trains officers on the use of force.
GO Member of ’Central Park 5’ blasts Trump.
GO Washington (CNN) A member of the ”Central Park 5” who was wrongfully convicted in a horrific 1989 New York rape case blasted Donald Trump Friday after the GOP presidential nominee said he believes the group is still guilty.
GO Giuliani not surprised Republicans backing away from Trump.
GO Washington (CNN) Former New York City mayor and top Donald Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani on Saturday criticized Republicans who backed away from Donald Trump.
GO Mike Pence has own woes with women.
GO Washington (CNN) Mike Pence has emerged as a popular alternative for top Republicans looking to replace Donald Trump as the party’s presidential nominee, but the Indiana governor’s own record with women could make it a   courtship that doesn’t change the result in November.
GO Trump’s mission: Make Clinton’s life hell .
GO St. Louis (CNN) Donald Trump issued an unmistakable threat to Hillary Clinton Sunday night: I am willing to cross any line to make the next 30 days of your life hell.
GO Haiti: WHO to send 1M cholera vaccine doses.
GO Jeremie, Haiti (CNN) The World Health Organization is sending a million cholera vaccine doses to Haiti, it announced Tuesday, amid concerns over the rising number of cases in the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew.
GO Crown Prince returns to Bangkok as Thailand holds vigil for ailing king.
GO Bangkok (CNN) Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn returned to Thailand Wednesday amid growing concerns about the health of his father, King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
GO Trump accuser: He touched me ’wherever he could find a landing spot’.
GO Washington (CNN) A woman who is alleging Donald Trump made unwanted sexual advances to her back in the 1970s told CNN Thursday the Republican presidential nominee touched her ”wherever he could find a landing spot.” Jessica Leeds, who was 38 at the time but is now 74, rocked Trump’s campaign Wednesday when a story detailing her allegations was published in the The New York Times.
GO Hundreds of immigrants arrested in ‘enforcement surge’.
GO U. S. federal immigration agents arrested hundreds of undocumented immigrants in at least four states this week in what officials on Friday called routine enforcement actions.
GO Donald Trump wins big in Indiana, becomes presumptive GOP nominee.
GO ’’ ”Donald Trump is the Republican Party’s presumptive presidential nominee.” ”Trump delivered Ted Cruz a knockout blow on Tuesday night, winning Indiana’s primary while the senator dropped out of the race, .” ”Multiple outlets projected shortly after polls closed on Tuesday that Trump would win the Hoosier State’s primary.” ’’ ’The GOP frontrunner led in Indiana by almost 20 points over Cruz, a Texas senator, with about 27% of precincts reporting.
GO KASICH: I’m staying in the race until Trump hits the magic number.
GO ’’ ’John Kasich is staying in the Republican presidential race, his campaign said on Tuesday.’ ”After finishing a distant third in Tuesday’s Indiana primary, the Kasich campaign’s chief strategist, John Weaver, sent out a memo announcing that the Ohio governor will remain in the race until Trump secures the GOP nomination.” ’Trump, the GOP frontrunner, secured a massive win in the state.
GO Berkshire Hathaway earnings miss expectations by $487 per share.
GO ”Berkshire Hathaway’s   earnings are out, and it’s a miss.” ”On Friday afternoon, Warren Buffett’s conglomerate reported operating earnings of $2, 274 per share, missing expectations for earnings of $2, 761, according to estimates from Bloomberg.” ”Revenue for Berkshire’s businesses totaled $52.
GO China’s top stock index is diving.
GO ”China’s benchmark Shanghai Composite stock index is tanking on Monday after disappointing economic data.” ’The Shanghai Composite closed down 2.
GO Silicon Valley billionaire Peter Thiel is a delegate for Donald Trump.
GO ’’ ’Billionaire Silicon Valley investor and PayPal cofounder Peter Thiel is a delegate for Donald Trump.’ ”The presumptive Republican presidential candidate’s campaign has submitted a list of delegates to the California secretary of state’s office, and Thiel is on the list as a representative for the state’s 12th District.
GO MOODY’S: Normal interest rates are history.
GO ’Remember interest rates?’ ”Moody’s, the   company, does.” ”And, according to Moody’s managing director Colin Ellis, there’s a good chance that they’re not coming back.” ’At least not at the levels we became accustomed to before the 2008 financial crisis.’ ’Ellis lists numerous reasons, but at the core is the changing relationship between interest rates and inflation and the difficulties central banks are having in getting prices and economic activity to gradually increase.’ ’”Over the past seven years, policy rates have been at low levels in most economies, and central banks have dramatically expanded balance sheets,” Ellis said.
GO The computers have won, and Wall Street will never be the same.
GO ’’ ’The computers have won.’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’The rise of   hedge funds is really just a part of the evolutionary shift that is taking place on Wall Street that encompasses how investment decisions are made and how they are put into action.’ ”Simply put, technology is now a much bigger part of the investment process for many funds.
GO The first major Hyperloop test is happening in Vegas this week.
GO ’’ ’’ ’The   startup revealed on Tuesday that it will demo its propulsion technology on its first test track in North Las Vegas on Wednesday morning.’ ’The Hyperloop is a futuristic transport system that carries passengers in capsules at speeds reaching more than 500 mph.
GO Billionaire Ken Griffin: ’We are more and more in a winner-take-all world’.
GO ’’ ’Ken Griffin, the billionaire founder of   trading firm Citadel, says that he and everyone else on Wall Street are ”more and more in a    world.
GO The number of wrongfully convicted prisoners being exonerated is skyrocketing.
GO ’Over the past quarter century, the US has incarcerated millions of people.’ ”An alarming number of them were wrongly convicted, in some cases spending decades behind bars for crimes they did not commit, according to data from the University of Michigan’s .” ’Since 1989, 1, 761 people have been exonerated based on new evidence of innocence.’ ’The number of exonerations is skyrocketing, too.
GO Billionaire investor Warren Buffett is getting in the bidding war for Yahoo.
GO ’’ ”Berkshire Hathaway’s billionaire CEO, Warren Buffett, and Quicken Loans founder Dan Gilbert are part of a group that’s bidding for Yahoo’s internet assets, .” ”The report said that Buffett is backing a group of investors that include Gilbert in the bidding war for Yahoo’s web assets, which include its search and news properties.” ’Yahoo and Berkshire Hathaway representatives were not immediately available for comment.’ ”The company’s shares are up about 1.
GO David Tepper dumps Apple.
GO ’Hedge fund billionaire David Tepper has dumped his massive Apple investment, a.’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ”Tepper’s fund, Appaloosa Management, also bought 945, 000 shares of the troubled pharmaceutical company Valeant, worth $24.
GO Warren Buffett’s bet on Yahoo could be the best thing to happen to the company.
GO ’’ ”SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters)   Warren Buffett struck media gold with a 2012 investment in   Media General Inc. Now the famed investor may try to reprise that success by supporting a bid for Yahoo Inc’s Internet assets.” ”The Berkshire Hathaway chairman is backing a consortium that includes Quicken Loans Inc founder Dan Gilbert, that is seeking to buy Yahoo’s online portfolio, Reuters reported on Friday.
GO The CEO of an Apple supplier just seemingly confirmed one of the biggest iPhone rumors.
GO ’’ ’The CEO of Catcher Technology, a major Apple supplier, has seemingly confirmed a big iPhone rumor.’ ’The current word on the street is that the iPhone 7, expected this fall, .
GO The bond market could be recreating the massacre of 1994.
GO ”Investors could be setting up a repeat of 1994’s   chaos, according to Deutsche Bank’s Torsten Sløk.” ’From January to September of that year, the yield on the long   bond spiked about 200 basis points, costing investors up to $1 trillion in losses.
GO How to answer one of the trickiest job interview questions about money.
GO ”Discussing salary is always a bit uncomfortable, but it’s especially tricky when a hiring manager asks what you currently make during a job interview.” ’Why?
GO The Fed has come back to life.
GO ’The Federal Reserve has come back to life.’ ’On Wednesday, it signaled to markets that the second   hike of this economic cycle could come as early as June.’ ’And for the first time in a while, markets took the Fed very seriously.
GO Tim Cook just acknowledged that the price of iPhones may be too high.
GO ’’ ’Apple CEO Tim Cook just gave his most detailed commentary yet on the effect the high price of the iPhone has on .
GO Deloitte just trashed the hype around a $180 billion fintech market.
GO ’Deloitte just trashed the hype around the online lending industry.’ ’The accountancy and consultancy practice has done a deep dive on the online lending industry, and its conclusions should make for devastating reading for anyone connected to the sector.’ ’Deloitte concludes that marketplace lenders, more commonly called    lenders in the UK, ”are unlikely to pose a threat to banks in the mass market,” according to head of UK banking.
GO The market as we know it is ’crumbling’.
GO ’’ ’Signs point to the beginning of a rout in emerging markets that could threaten the stability that the global economy has been enjoying since March.’ ’’ ’Now, remember February?’ ’That was when markets went nuts and analysts were calling for the end of days.
GO This new $70 device might be one of the best products of the year.
GO ’Pebble on Tuesday announced its first   device, called the Core.’ ”It’s the best thing the company has come out with yet.” ”In fact, it’s the best device any company has come up with for people who want to listen to Spotify music and track their workouts without bringing along their smartphones.” ’The Core is a small $69 device that clips onto your clothing.
GO PIPPA MALMGREN: China thinks the US will default via inflation.
GO ”Geopolitical expert Pippa Malmgren says the Fed’s 2% inflation target is effectively a promise to default.
GO PICTURES: France is being brought to a stand still by mass protests against labour reforms.
GO ’’ ”Much of France has been brought to a standstill this week by protests, some violent, against President Francois Hollande’s new labour reforms, which make it easier for employers to hire and fire staff.” ”Many French people see the reforms as a violation of fundamental worker’s rights and the reforms were ” ’French people have taken to the streets to protest and blockaded key public services and infrastructure.
GO A judge ordered the release of hundreds of pages of Trump University documents.
GO ’A federal judge ordered the release of Trump University internal documents, including marketing ”playbooks,” connected with an ongoing fraud lawsuit against the presumptive Republican presidential nominee’’s now defunct series of courses on real estate and investing, ’ ’’ ’The decision comes as a setback for Trump, whose lawyers have argued that the sealed records contain trade secrets and that the company would resume in some form after a resolution in the case.
GO A gorilla was shot after a 4-year-old boy fell into a zoo enclosure.
GO ’A male gorilla in the Cincinnati Zoo was killed by keepers on Saturday after he dragged around a    boy who fell into the enclosure, a zoo official said.’ ’The boy crawled through a barrier and fell about 12 feet (3. )
GO How the Golden State Warriors won Game 6 and saved their season.
GO ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’After the Thunder demolished the Warriors in Game 3, Stefan Fatsis, Mike Pesca, and I spoke with ESPN’s Warriors beat writer .’ ’On Sunday morning, I checked back in with Strauss to get his thoughts on how the Warriors saved their season.
GO JEFF BEZOS ON PETER THIEL: ’Seek revenge and you should dig two graves, one for yourself’.
GO ’’ ’Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos says that doing interesting things means you will have critics.’ ”Onstage at Vox Media’s Code Conference in Los Angeles on Tuesday, Bezos was asked for his thoughts on the controversy surrounding billionaire Peter Thiel and Gawker Media.
GO MITCH McCONNELL: I hope Bill Kristol is ’not successful’ in his efforts against Donald Trump.
GO ’’ ”Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday responded to Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol’s weekend assertion that he would put forward a strong   candidate to compete with Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.” ’”Well, I hope he’’s not successful, because that will help elect Hillary Clinton to the presidency,” McConnell told Business Insider in an interview that centered on his newly released memoir, ”.” ”It’’s hard to run as an independent and be successful.
GO Glenn Beck has been suspended after on-air talk of a ’patriot’ taking out Trump.
GO ’SiriusXM radio suspended conservative talk radio host Glenn Beck this week after a recent guest on his show warned Donald Trump poses an “ ” threat to the country and suggested a “patriot” might need to remove him from office by any means necessary, Politico .’ ’During Wednesday’s “Glenn Beck Radio Program,” fiction writer Brad Thor said he “guarantees” Trump would temporarily suspend the Constitution during his possible presidency and is a “danger to America.
GO Steve Kerr was so mad at the Warriors in Game 1 he destroyed a clipboard during a timeout.
GO ’’ ’Steve Kerr was not happy when the Cleveland Cavaliers started to make a run in the second half of Game 1, destroying a   board during a timeout.’ ’The Warriors had outplayed the Cavaliers for most of the night, building a   lead.
GO Mark Cuban trolls Donald Trump with hilarious parody video of him singing ’Billionaire’.
GO ’’ ’Mark Cuban trolled Donald Trump by releasing a parody video of Trump singing the lyrics to the song ”Billionaire,” by Travie McCoy and Bruno Mars.’ ’The video was composed of many cuts from Trump’’s campaign rallies and television appearances, with the beat from ”Billionaire” playing in the background.’ ’”Billionaire as performed by @realDonaldTrump,” .
GO Bernie Sanders wants to remind you he’s taking his Democratic primary fight to the convention.
GO ’LOS ANGELES (AP)    With the primary season near its end, a defiant Bernie Sanders declared Saturday that the Democratic presidential process should not be decided by party leaders and elected officials, predicting a contested summer convention against rival Hillary Clinton.’ ’Speaking to reporters three days before the California primary, Sanders showed few signs of surrender, vowing to take his bid to the Philadelphia convention in July.
GO Google’s new parent company Alphabet just passed its first big test.
GO ’’ ”Google’s parent company Alphabet just had its first big executive   and it underscores one of the important tenets of its new operating structure: Alphabet is a bunch of independent companies with central oversight.” ’When any of the companies hits trouble, Alphabet will decide whether a CEO change is necessary.’ ’In this case, Tony Fadell, the CEO of Nest, the   company Google bought for $3.
GO Latino leaders ask: When will Trump reach out to Hispanics?.
GO Washington (CNN) Latino leaders around the country say they want to keep an open mind about Donald Trump’s presidency, but less than one month before Inauguration Day, many are disappointed he has not done more to reach out to them.
GO Obama to deliver farewell speech in Chicago.
GO Honolulu, Hawaii (CNN) President Barack Obama will deliver his farewell address to the nation on January 10 from his home city of Chicago, the President announced in a statement Monday.
GO Istanbul attack: ISIS claims nightclub shooting killer still at large.
GO Istanbul (CNN) ISIS claimed responsibility for the New Year’s attack at Istanbul’s Reina nightclub that left 39 people dead, but authorities are still scrambling to find the killer.
GO Chicago’s homicides: How we got here.
GO Chicago’s 500th homicide of the year happened over Labor Day weekend, according to the Chicago Tribune.
GO How Trump can reshape the federal courts.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump is poised to cement the conservative majority on the Supreme Court, but he will also play a critical role in reshaping the look of the lower courts as he moves to fill over 100 vacancies in the federal judiciary.
GO Israeli soldier convicted of manslaughter.
GO Tel Aviv, Israel (CNN) An Israeli military court convicted an Israeli soldier of manslaughter Wednesday in the fatal shooting of a wounded Palestinian knife attack suspect.
GO CNN will host town hall with Bernie Sanders.
GO Washington (CNN) Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders will participate in a   CNN Town Hall next week just as the   115th Congress and   Donald Trump begin to roll out their agendas.
GO Turkey: Gunman identified in nightclub attack.
GO Istanbul (CNN) Turkish authorities said Wednesday they have identified the gunman who killed 39 people in the New Year’s nightclub terror attack in Istanbul.
GO Will black college band perform at Trump inauguration?.
GO Talladega, Alabama (CNN) The president of a historically black college in Alabama has yet to decide whether the school’s marching band will perform at   Donald Trump’s inaugural parade, a college spokeswoman said Wednesday.
GO New York City has safest year.
GO New York (CNN) New York City just had its safest year on record.
GO Omarosa to join Trump team, focus on public engagement.
GO Washington (CNN) Omarosa Manigault will join   Donald Trump’s White House team in a role expected to focus on public engagement, a senior level transition source told CNN on Wednesday.
GO Even millionaire secretary of state nominees buy their own cereal.
GO Washington (CNN) He may have a $181 million retirement package and $54 million of ExxonMobil shares, but even secretary of state nominee Rex Tillerson shops for his own Raisin Bran.
GO The 2016 campaign is over, but the 2017 campaign begins.
GO Washington (CNN) The 2016 campaign may be over, but the 2017 campaign just began.
GO Talladega College band will perform at inauguration, school president says.
GO Talladega, Alabama (CNN) Students in the marching band of a historically black college in Alabama welcomed the announcement by the school’s president Thursday that they will participate in inauguration festivities for   Donald Trump.
GO Effort to defund Planned Parenthood threatens Obamacare repeal.
GO Washington (CNN) A push by Republican congressional leaders to defund Planned Parenthood could threaten passage of their   legislation to repeal Obamacare because of opposition to the   provision by two key GOP senators.
GO Mexico’s Fox trolls Trump: ’Are you a legitimate president?’.
GO Washington (CNN) Former Mexican President Vicente Fox is back to trolling Donald Trump on Twitter, particularly as the US   has waffled on his pledge to have Mexico pay for a border wall and amid questions about Russian interference in the election.
GO Obama: ’Vladimir Putin is not on our team’.
GO Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama says he’s concerned about Republican commentators who appear to side with Russia over the US, saying Russian President Vladimir Putin should not be trusted.
GO Unrest in Ivory Coast as soldiers demand pay.
GO Abidjan, Ivory Coast (CNN) Amid unrest in cities across the nation, Ivory Coast President Alassane Ouattara announced Saturday the government reached an agreement with soldiers who have been demanding pay bonuses.
GO First on CNN: Condoleezza Rice endorses Sessions for attorney general.
GO Washington (CNN) Condoleezza Rice, who served as secretary of state to former President George W. Bush, endorsed former Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions Monday to be   Donald Trump’s attorney general.
GO Ryan to meet with Trump aides on tax reform.
GO Washington (CNN) House Speaker Paul Ryan and his team will meet with members of   Donald Trump’s transition team Monday evening to discuss the House GOP tax reform framework, a senior House GOP aide told CNN.
GO Where Dylann Roof killed, a search for answers.
GO Charleston, South Carolina (CNN) Just hours after a judge sentenced Dylann Roof to death for killing nine church members during a study of Scripture, parishioners gathered Wednesday in the very room where the massacre took place    for another Bible study.
GO Turkey lawmakers brawl in parliament.
GO Istanbul (CNN) Lawmakers in Turkey brawled during a debate over constitutional amendments that would expand presidential powers, according to state news agency Anadolu.
GO Why China is counting its chickens .
GO Hong Kong (CNN) China is sending five million officials to its villages, rice paddies and farms this month.
GO Leon Panetta praises Trump’s pick to lead the CIA .
GO Washington (CNN) Former CIA Director Leon Panetta said Thursday that Rep. Mike Pompeo, whom   Donald Trump has picked to lead the agency, is up to the task and supports his nomination.
GO Senate probe into election hacking to review possible links between Russia, campaigns.
GO Washington (CNN) The Senate Intelligence Committee’s review of Russian meddling in the 2016 election will include a look at any intelligence ”regarding links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns.” Sen. Richard Burr,   Carolina, the committee’s chairman, and Sen. Mark Warner,   the committee’s vice chairman, said in a joint statement that the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the election also will focus on Russian cyberactivity and ”active measures” against the US.
GO South China Sea: Chinese state media slams Tillerson.
GO Hong Kong (CNN) Chinese state media has taken aim at Rex Tillerson,   Donald Trump’s pick for secretary of state, after he suggested a more aggressive strategy toward Beijing in the contested waters of the South China Sea.
GO FBI Director Comey’s political firestorm, explained.
GO Washington (CNN) FBI Director James Comey is once again finding himself at the center of a political firestorm.
GO Netanyahu: Paris peace conference is ’useless’ .
GO Paris (CNN) The Mideast peace conference in Paris closed Sunday, calling for Israel and the Palestinians to embrace a   solution as the only route to peace, despite Israel’s Prime Minister branding the conference ”useless.”   The conference, which is being attended by representatives from some 70 countries, began Sunday with the aim of bringing both sides to the negotiating table and maintaining support for a   solution.
GO For The First Time, A Team Of Refugees Will Compete At The Olympics.
GO In an Olympic first, 10 members of an unusual team will be competing at the Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro: a squad made up entirely of refugees.
GO Why Our Politics Are What They Are: The View From 3 Generations.
GO When it comes to politics, it’s voters’ life experiences that count, not just the experiences of the candidates they’ll vote for.
GO Boxer Muhammad Ali, ’The Greatest Of All Time,’ Dies At 74.
GO Update at 3:15 p. m. ET: Ali’s Funeral Set For Friday, Muhammad Ali, the man considered the greatest boxer of all time, died late Friday at a hospital in Phoenix at age 74.
GO NPR Photographer, Interpreter Killed In Afghanistan .
GO Updated 3:15 a. m. ET, David Gilkey, an NPR photojournalist who chronicled pain and beauty in war and conflict, was killed in Afghanistan on Sunday along with NPR’s Afghan interpreter Zabihullah Tamanna.
GO Trump’s African-American: ’I Am Not A Trump Supporter’.
GO Gregory Cheadle, the black man singled out by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump at a Redding, Calif. rally on Friday, said he took no offense when the billionaire urged the crowd, ”Look at my   over here.” ”I was not offended by it because he had been speaking positively about black people prior to that statement,” Cheadle told NPR when reached at his home for comment over the weekend.
GO Garbine Muguruza Wins French Open By Defeating Serena Williams.
GO Garbine Muguruza, 22, of Spain, won her first major title on Saturday by beating Serena Williams in two sets     at the French Open.
GO C.W. Stoneking Is Blues From Down Under.
GO C. W. Stoneking is from the Northern Territory of Australia, but his sound is old school southern American blues.
GO LISTEN: Excerpts From Hillary Clinton’s 1969 Wellesley Commencement Speech.
GO Audio excerpts of Hillary Clinton’s 1969 student commencement address at Wellesley College have been released for the first time by the college.
GO Swiss Voters Reject Guaranteed-Income Proposal.
GO Swiss voters over the weekend dealt a stern backslap to a ballot proposal that would have guaranteed a basic monthly income for all 8.
GO Former CIA Officer Says She Is Set To Be Extradited To Italy.
GO A former CIA officer convicted in Italy of playing a role in a kidnapping under the agency’s ”extraordinary rendition” program said Wednesday that she will be extradited to Italy and sent to prison.
GO Tennis Star Maria Sharapova Suspended For 2 Years For Doping.
GO An independent tribunal has suspended Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova from play for a period of two years after she failed a drug test, the International Tennis Federation says.
GO Actress, Victims Advocate Theresa Saldana Dies At 61.
GO Theresa Saldana, an actress and victims advocate, died Monday in Los Angeles at the age of 61.
GO More Than Ever, Americans Are Dying By Accident.
GO A record number of Americans are dying by accident and increasingly because of fatal overdoses and falls, and not so much in car crashes.
GO Brexit Vote Reveals The Generation Gap In The United Kingdom.
GO The June 23 referendum on whether the United Kingdom should leave the European Union has revealed one clear gap: younger voters are much more likely to favor staying in the E. U. compared to older ones.
GO Are Stories A Key To Human Intelligence?.
GO In a talk in Pittsburgh in 1997, the late evolutionary biologist Stephen J. Gould allegedly characterized humans as ”the primates who tell stories.” Psychologist Robyn Dawes went much further, suggesting humans are ”the primates whose cognitive capacity shuts down in the absence of a story.” To be sure, we love a good story.
GO What Queer Latinos Are Saying About The Orlando Shooting.
GO In the wake of a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando that left at least 49 people dead and more than 50 wounded, queer Latino folks around the country are reflecting on the horror of the attack.
GO Russian Track And Field Athletes Barred From Competing In Rio Olympics.
GO Track and field’s world governing body has unanimously decided to bar Russian athletes from competing in the upcoming Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro amid allegations of   doping.
GO Iraqi Forces Say They’ve Pushed ISIS Out Of Key Compound In Fallujah .
GO Iraqi security forces say that after days of fierce fighting, they’ve wrested control of Fallujah’s main government building from ISIS militants.
GO Colorado Mother Fights Off Mountain Lion To Save Her Son.
GO A Colorado woman managed to fight off a mountain lion that was attacking her    son.
GO Why My Mom Left Me Out Of Her Book.
GO Frank and Lucky Get Schooled is a new children’s book by author Lynne Rae Perkins.
GO Refugees, Displaced People Surpass 60 Million For First Time, UNHCR Says.
GO The number of refugees,   and internally displaced people around the world has topped 65 million, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said Monday.
GO National Park deletes factual tweets about climate change amid Trump crackdown on agencies.
GO ’   A US National Park deleted several tweets on Tuesday   highlighting the effects of climate change amid an apparent   crackdown on federal agencies issued by President Donald   Trump barring them from publicly sharing information.
GO Google’s revenue beats, but the stock is falling.
GO ’’ ”Google’s parent company Alphabet just reported its   earnings.” ’Google’s mobile search and video ads boosted revenue past Wall Street targets in the fourth quarter, but increased spending in hardware and other new businesses weighted on the bottom line.’ ”Alphabet’s stock was down about 3% in   trading, likely due to the earnings miss.” ’Here are the numbers:’ ’Revenue: $26.
GO Read the email Microsoft President Brad Smith sent employees on Trump’s immigration order.
GO ’’ ”Microsoft President Brad Smith sent an email to all company employees Saturday afternoon in response to President Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration, saying that there were 76 employees affected.” ’The .
GO Tens of thousands protest Trump’s immigration ban in cities and airports across the country.
GO ”NEW   (Reuters)   Tens of thousands of people rallied in U. S. cities and at airports on Sunday to voice outrage over President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting entry into the country for travelers from seven   nations.” ”In New York, Washington and Boston, a second wave of demonstrations began the afternoon after spontaneous rallies broke out at U. S. airports on Saturday as U. S. Customs and Border Protection agents began enforcing Trump’s directive.
GO Macy’s is under pressure to drop Ivanka Trump.
GO ’’ ”As a movement to boycott businesses that do business with the Trump family heats up, Macy’s is under pressure to dump Ivanka Trump’s fashion brand.
GO Leicester City 2-4 Chelsea: EFL Cup – as it happened.
GO ET30: After 90 very entertaining minutes that ended with the sides all square but with Leicester down to 10 men, a quickfire double from Cesc Fabregas in the opening four minutes of extra time won this Cup tie for Chelsea.
GO Megyn Kelly accuses Trump social media director of inciting online abuse.
GO Journalist Megyn Kelly, who is under armed guard after receiving death threats, has accused Donald Trump’s social media director of stirring hatred on the internet.
GO No, Jimmy Fallon, Donald Trump isn’t a laughing matter.
GO On Thursday, Jimmy Fallon had Donald Trump on the Tonight Show and ended the segment by saying, “Donald I want to ask you, because the next time I see you you could be the President of the United States.
GO Why would Apple want to buy Tidal?.
GO The image of a   Tim Cook kicking the   tyres of Jay Z’s most expensive vehicle may seem an anomalous one, but according to the Wall Street Journal it could actually happen as the Apple CEO considers making a bid for the music streaming service Tidal.
GO Huge backlog as EU citizens rush to secure British residency.
GO EU citizens worried about their right to remain in Britain have inundated the Home Office with applications to secure their UK residency, leading to an official backlog that has trebled since the summer of 2015.
GO Daughter of US congressman among those returning Hungarian award.
GO The daughter of the late   US congressman Tom Lantos said on Sunday she is returning a distinguished state award to Hungary.
GO Bridgegate testimony: Christie and Cuomo considered releasing false report.
GO A onetime top ally of the New Jersey governor, Chris Christie, said the governor and his New York counterpart, Andrew Cuomo, discussed releasing a false report to tamp down questions over the George Washington Bridge   scandal, the prosecution’s key witness testified on Tuesday.
GO Sandy Hook families cannot hold gun company liable in massacre, judge rules.
GO A Connecticut judge ruled on Friday that a group of families cannot hold gun companies liable for manufacturing, distributing or selling the    rifle used to kill 20 children and six educators at Sandy Hook elementary school in 2012.
GO Surviving in Trump’s America: 10 things women can do to protect their rights.
GO After the shock of Donald Trump’s presidential win wore off, it didn’t surprise me that one of the first things I saw women doing online was advising others to get IUDs as soon as possible.
GO Moroccan teenage girls to face trial on homosexuality charges.
GO Authorities in Morocco have pressed charges of homosexuality against two teenage girls allegedly caught kissing and will put them on trial this week, a human rights group has said.
GO Foreign firms cancel travel to Bangladesh after Dhaka cafe attack.
GO Foreign companies with nationals working in Bangladesh’s garment and building industries have suspended travel to the country and told workers to stay at home after a deadly attack by Islamic militants on a restaurant in Dhaka.
GO Leonard Cohen, legendary singer-songwriter, dies aged 82.
GO Leonard Cohen, the legendary   whose work inspired generations, has died at the age of 82.
GO Donald Trump would be world’s only national leader to reject climate science.
GO Donald Trump would be the only national leader in the world to dismiss the science of climate change should he become president, putting him out of step even with Syrian president Bashar   Zimbabwe’s Robert Mugabe and Kim   the leader of North Korea.
GO Protected lands and endangered species aren’t properly safeguarded, report says.
GO The world is edging toward a major conservation target for protected land and oceans, but there are concerns over how safeguarded areas are managed and whether they are effectively protecting endangered species, according to a new report.
GO Jupiter’s moon Europa may expel water plumes from under icy shell, Nasa says.
GO Scientists have found tantalizing evidence of a liquid water ocean swirling under the icy shell of Jupiter’s moon Europa, Nasa announced on Monday, with new evidence of water plumes bursting out into space.
GO Rupert Everett warns against hormone therapy for children who question gender.
GO The actor Rupert Everett has expressed concerns about parents who seek medical treatment for children who question their gender.
GO Migrant workers in US seafood industry exposed to forced labor conditions.
GO The use of migrant workers in the US seafood supply chain has led to the creation of exploitative conditions that are equivalent to forced labor, according to a report released on Wednesday.
GO Trump appeals to black voters in attempt to offset dismal polling.
GO Donald Trump has made the most direct appeal of his campaign to African American voters as he battles to offset dismal polling among black voters and draw political capital from a recent spate of racially charged unrest in the city of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
GO Why the US government wants to bring cryptocurrency out of the shadows.
GO A US government request to trawl through the personal data of millions of users of the cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase signals the start of an effort to pull digital currencies like bitcoin into the mainstream, experts have said.
GO Details of Dallas gunman’s larger plans emerge after protests around the US.
GO Hundreds of demonstrators were arrested in cities across the US this weekend, as protests against police shootings intensified and new details emerged about the motivations and plans of a man who killed five officers in Dallas.
GO EgyptAir flight MS804: investigators to start examining black boxes.
GO Investigators have begun examining the black box flight recorders of an EgyptAir plane that crashed into the Mediterranean in May, hoping to establish the cause of the disaster.
GO Artist Peter Doig victorious as court agrees ’$10m’ painting is not his work.
GO A    landscape painting once valued at $10m and signed “Pete Doige” was not made by the artist Peter Doig, a Chicago federal court ruled on Tuesday.
GO If George HW Bush votes against Trump, he’ll be in good Republican company.
GO It wouldn’t be surprising if, as one recent visitor to the Bush compound in Kennebunkport reports, former president George HW Bush will be voting for Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump this fall.
GO Venezuela’s opposition says Vatican-brokered talks are ’frozen’.
GO Venezuela’s opposition has said that talks with the government were “frozen” after officials failed to attend meetings, throwing cold water on   attempts to bridge the country’s deep political crisis.
GO Everton players did not gang up against Roberto Martínez, says Tim Howard.
GO Tim Howard has said there was no dressing room mutiny against Roberto Martínez at Everton and the players share responsibility for the underachievement that cost the manager his job.
GO Trump and Clinton to square off at final presidential debate.
GO Las Vegas is due to witness its most surreal showdown since Mike Tyson repeatedly bit Evander Holyfield’s ear in the middle of a heavyweight boxing match, as Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton square off in the third and final debate before the presidential election.
GO Odell Beckham Jr says NFL fined him $18,000 for Craig Sager tribute cleats.
GO New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr said he was fined $18, 000 by the league office for wearing cleats that paid tribute to beloved NBA broadcaster Craig Sager, who died last week aged 65.
GO Samsung Galaxy Note 7 owners warned to stop using phones at risk of exploding.
GO Samsung has warned owners of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone to stop using the device or exchange it urgently since it runs the risk of exploding.
GO Hillary Clinton receives first national security briefing as Democratic nominee.
GO Hillary Clinton has received her first national security briefing as the Democratic presidential nominee, meeting intelligence officials on Saturday for an overview of the major threats facing the US around the globe.
GO Hillary Clinton asks for landslide victory to rebuke Trump’s ’bigotry and bullying’.
GO Hillary Clinton hinted at a possible landslide in the 8 November election, exhorting several thousand supporters at a San Francisco fundraiser on Thursday to help her “have the kind of victory we need” to serve as a “rebuke” to Donald Trump.
GO New Mexico police officer fatally shot during traffic stop.
GO A New Mexico police officer was killed after a traffic stop shooting late Friday, before authorities were able to chase down three suspects and take them into custody, Dona Ana County law enforcement officials said.
GO Houston shooter wore military garb with Nazi emblems, police say.
GO A disgruntled lawyer wearing   apparel with old Nazi emblems had two weapons and more than 2, 500 rounds of live ammunition when he randomly shot at drivers in a Houston neighborhood before he was shot and killed by police, authorities said.
GO Ohio abortion pill restriction had no clear safety benefits, study finds.
GO A 2011 Ohio abortion restriction which supporters touted as a health measure had no perceptible benefits for women’s safety and drastically reduced the number and effectiveness of abortions by medication, according to a new study published in PLOS Medicine.
GO Quarter of inmates could have been spared prison without risk, study says.
GO A quarter of the US prison population, about 364, 000 inmates, could have been spared imprisonment without meaningfully threatening public safety or increasing crime, according to a new study.
GO Novak Djokovic loses cool and Shanghai semi-final against Roberto Bautista Agut.
GO Novak Djokovic lost his temper and then his   at the Shanghai Masters to Spain’s Roberto Bautista Agut     on Saturday.
GO Why I’m optimistic about 2017.
GO This Christmas break, for anybody steeped in the assumptions that have underpinned   political thinking, needs to be a moment of realisation.
GO First Arrest Made in Gang Rape Case in Brazil - The New York Times.
GO The police in Brazil said on Saturday that they had made the first arrest in the search for more than 30 possible attackers in the gang rape of a    girl, a case that has prompted widespread outrage and vows by the federal government to combat crimes against women, news agencies reported.
GO Janice Crouch, ‘Gospel of Prosperity’ Disciple, Dies at 78 - The New York Times.
GO Janice Crouch, who founded the Trinity Broadcasting Network with her husband, Paul, and preached a “gospel of prosperity” with him on TBN programs, reaching millions of viewers around the world, died on Tuesday.
GO Kenneth Starr to Resign as Chancellor at Baylor - The New York Times.
GO Kenneth W. Starr announced Wednesday that he would resign as chancellor of Baylor University, effective immediately, saying it was a “matter of conscience.
GO After Victory in California, Hillary Clinton Turns Toward Donald Trump - The New York Times.
GO Hillary Clinton claimed the Democratic presidential nomination on Tuesday night after decisive victories in the California, New Jersey and New Mexico primaries, and she quickly appealed to supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont to unite with her against Donald J. Trump.
GO Mitch McConnell Won’t Rule Out Rescinding His Endorsement of Donald Trump - The New York Times.
GO The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, would not rule out the possibility of rescinding his endorsement of Donald J. Trump’s presidential bid down the road, and he described the candidate as lacking knowledge in a number of areas in an interview released on Friday.
GO What Leaders Said Before ‘Brexit,’ and What They Say Now - The New York Times.
GO Political leaders on both sides of the debate in Britain over whether to leave the European Union are now saying distinctly different things about some central issues than what they said before the referendum.
GO Court Rules CNN Racial Discrimination Lawsuit Can Proceed.
GO Former CNN producer Stanley Wilson’s racial discrimination lawsuit against CNN may proceed after a California appellate court reversed a lower court’s ruling on Tuesday.
GO Fiorina: My Exclusion From Debate Saying Iowa Vote Doesn’t Count, ’Afront’ To Iowa and New Hampshire - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina blasted her exclusion from the ABC Republican debate as a declaration that the vote in Iowa doesn’t count and “an afront to Iowans and New Hampshirites” in an interview broadcast on Friday’s “Special Report” on the Fox News Channel.
GO Skip Bayless: NFL Appealing Tom Brady’s Vacated Suspension ’Shameful’ - Breitbart.
GO On the Thursday airing of “First Take” on ESPN2,   Skip Bayless reacted to the NFL appealing the district court’s decision to vacate New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady’s four game suspension for “” which was handed out by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell.
GO Bill Clinton: Hillary ’Better Qualified to Be President for This Time Than I Was When I Ran’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday in New York City, while on the campaign trail for his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton, former president Bill Clinton said his wife was uniquely qualified to be president at this time because “the world’s in tough shape.
GO Two Men Find Plane’s Black Box 31 Years After Crash.
GO Two men from Boston who set out on a journey to find the wreckage of a plane that crashed 31 years ago have recovered the black box and recently got clearance to hand it over to investigators.
GO Breitbart’s Klein: Bill’s Female Victims ‘Feel More Empowered,’ ‘They’re Not As Intimidated’ - Breitbart.
GO Many of Bill Clinton’s alleged female sex assault victims are no longer afraid to speak out and feel more empowered by the change in societal attitudes regarding sexual crimes, declared Breitbart’s Aaron Klein on Thursday.
GO Cologne Police Ignored New Year’s Eve Migrant Rape Emergency Calls.
GO A new book dealing with the migrant rape crisis in Cologne on New Year’s Eve reveals police were ignoring emergency calls from the public following attacks for hours longer than previously thought.
GO J Street Tries to Raise Money off David Friedman Nomination.
GO The radical group J Street is trying to raise money off   Donald J. Trump’s nomination of David Friedman to be the next U. S. Ambassador to Israel.
GO Hillary: ’We Are Going to Raise Taxes on the Middle Class’ - Breitbart.
GO During a speech in Omaha, NE, in what may or may not have been a Freudian slip, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said she would raise taxes on the “middle class.
GO Glenn Beck, Anti-Trump ’Conservatives’ to Meet with Facebook’s Zuckerberg - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday, billionaire Mark Zuckerberg will hold a meeting with “leading conservatives,” embattled The Blaze head Glenn Beck, and former George W. Bush Administration official and   of Fox News Channel’s The Five Dana Perino, at the website’s Menlo Park headquarters to discuss Facebook’s conservative media suppression and censorship scandal.
GO Gutfeld: Carson’s Trump Endorsement Shows ’Even An Outsider Will Sell Out’ - Breitbart.
GO Fox News Channel host Greg Gutfeld stated that former Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson’s endorsement of GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump shows “even an outsider will sell out” and “I keep wondering, what kind of delicious candy did Donald Trump offer Ben to get him into the Trump van?” on Friday’s broadcast of “The Five.
GO Newt Gingrich: NRA-Trump Alliance Eroding Democrats’ Hold on Rural America.
GO Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich observes that the alliance between the National Rifle Association (NRA) and Donald Trump is eroding the Democrats’ hold on rural America.
GO Report: Police to Interview Everyone on Prince Flight That Made Emergency Landing - Breitbart.
GO The Mirror is reporting that police investigators will be interviewing everyone who was on the private plane carrying the late pop star Prince that made an emergency landing at Quad City International Airport in Moline, Illinois in the early hours of April 15.
GO Priebus: ’We’re Not Going to Have a Registry Based On a Religion’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” while discussing the controversy over a supposed registry of Muslim immigrants,   Donlad Trump’s incoming White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said, “We’re not going to have a registry based on a religion.
GO Watch: Donald Trump, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto Joint Appearance - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday in Mexico City, just hours before he was set to deliver a speech on immigration in Phoenix, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump made a joint appearance with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto following an   meeting.
GO Cruz: Washington Cartel Torn Between Rubio and Trump, Both Cronyists That Are Viewed As Dealmakers - Breitbart.
GO Texas Senator and Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz argued that both fellow candidates Florida Senator Marco Rubio and Donald Trump will “continue the cronyism” and are viewed as dealmakers by the Washington cartel, which is “divided” between the two on Wednesday’s “Sean Hannity Show.
GO Hillary: An Unborn Child on His or Her Due Date Has No Constitutional Rights - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on ABC’s “The View” Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton reiterated her claim from over the weekend that a child, on its due date, just before delivery has no constitutional rights.
GO Trump: I Will Get Over The 1,237 Delegates Number ’Fairly Easily’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said he will get over the 1, 237 delegates number “fairly easily” to secure the Republican nomination.
GO Ted Cruz Goes Duck Hunting with Duck Dynasty Family.
GO Duck Dynasty’s Phil Robertson endorsed Ted Cruz today for president in a special video highlighting a recent hunting trip with members of the family.
GO Wasserman Schultz: Trump ’A Faker’ Running for President - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Democratic National Committee chairwoman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is a “faker” running for president.
GO Marc Lamont Hill: ’Disturbing’ For Jim Brown To Say He Fell In Love With Trump - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of “CNN Tonight,” CNN Political Commentator Marc Lamont Hill reacted to NFL great Jim Brown’s praise of Donald Trump by saying that “to suggest that he’s gone through some admirable process is disturbing to me.
GO Jeb on Trump’s Language: ’You Don’t Want Kids Hearing This Stuff’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “The Kelly File,” Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush said of the profanity his rival Donald Trump uses on the campaign trail, “You don’t want kids hearing this stuff.
GO CeaseFirePA: Eagles Players Who Received Firearms for Christmas Should Join Gun Control Movement - Breitbart.
GO On December 28 CeaseFirePA announced they will send gun locks to the Philadelphia Eagles linemen who received firearms for Christmas and ask the linemen to join the gun control movement.
GO NARAL Rebukes Nancy Pelosi for Denying She Supports Abortion on Demand - Breitbart.
GO In an ironic twist, abortion political advocacy organization NARAL   America has rebuked House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi for her statement to Roll Call’s Melinda Henneberger that she is not for “abortion on demand.
GO Georgia Police Officer Fired for Having Confederate Flag in Her Yard - Breitbart.
GO Roswell Police Department out of Georgia terminated a long time officer after an investigation showed she flew a Confederate flag in the front yard of her home, and was “possibly” parking her patrol car close to it, says a report by WSBTV.
GO Is El Chapo Going to Be Extradited to New York?.
GO New York news outlets are claiming drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman Loera will end up going to a federal courthouse there in that city.
GO Fmr Defense Secy Hagel: I Don’t Believe US Gov’t Claims About How Many ISIS Fighters Have Been Killed - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Wolf,” Chuck Hagel, who served as Defense Secretary under President Obama and as a Republican Senator from Nebraska stated that he doesn’t believed claims from the US government about how many ISIS fighters have been killed.
GO Report: Melania, Barron Trump Will Not Move into White House After Inauguration - Breitbart.
GO Future First Lady Melania Trump and son Barron will not be moving to the White House come January when Donald Trump is inaugurated, the New York Post reports.
GO SEIU Budget Slashed by $90 Million over Union Fears of Trump.
GO The Service Employees International Union (SEIU) is slashing its organizing budget by $90 million, in a sign that unions fear their message will not resonate during a Trump administration, according to Businessweek.
GO Kellyanne Conway to Jill Stein: ’Give it Up’ - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” while commenting on 2016 Green Party presidential nominee Dr. Jill Stein’s attempts to initiate recounts of the presidential vote in several swing states,   Donald Trump’s campaign manager and transition adviser Kellyanne Conway said, ‘I’d say to her give it up.
GO Five Things That Might Kill You at the Olympics.
GO A month ago, Breitbart brought you a list of alarming unresolved problems in Rio de Janeiro in anticipation of this week’s Olympics Opening Ceremony.
GO NPR’s Hinojosa: Phrase ’Illegal Immigrant’ Is Comparable to the Holocaust - Breitbart.
GO Saturday, Maria Hinojosa, anchor and executive producer of NPR’s “Latino USA,” responded on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” to Donald Trump surrogate Steve Cortes saying “illegal immigrants” by comparing the phrase to the Holocaust Jews being labeled as “illegal people.
GO EXCLUSIVE - Ann Coulter Warns ’End of America’ If Marco Rubio Is Nominee - Breitbart.
GO In an exclusive statement to Breitbart News ahead of the New Hampshire primary, conservative columnist and   New York Times bestselling author Ann Coulter warned that if the   gets its way and Marco Rubio is the Republican nominee, it will be the “end of America.
GO Michael Moore: People Don’t Trust Democrats Anymore - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” while discussing the presidential election, liberal filmmaker Michael Moore said, “I don’t think people do trust the Democrats.
GO WikiLeaks: CNN’s Gloria Borger Describes ’GOP Hell,’ Calls John Podesta a ’Star’ - Breitbart.
GO The latest Wikileaks data dump has revealed how CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger emailed Hillary Clinton campaign chief John Podesta telling him he was a “star” and describing how she had been in “gop hell.
GO French President Hollande Will NOT Seek Re-Election.
GO (Reuters) French President Francois Hollande said on Thursday he would not seek a second term in office in the presidential election in 2017, an unprecedented move that leaves the way open for other   candidates.
GO Hillary Clinton: Government Has ’A Right’ To Regulate 2nd Amendment - Breitbart.
GO Government has a right to regulate the Second Amendment, Hillary Clinton said in an interview on the June 5 airing of This Week With George Stephanopoulos,[Clinton contended that Americans have historically recognized the government’s “right” to regulate the bearing of arms, suggesting that it was not until District of Columbia v Heller (2008) that anyone thought otherwise.
GO Michelle Obama: Race and Wealth ’Still Play Too Much of a Role in How We See Each Other’ - Breitbart.
GO During a portion of her interview with Oprah Winfrey set to air on CBS on Monday night, First Lady Michelle Obama said, “Color, wealth, these things that don’t matter, still play too much of a role in how we see each other.
GO Trump on Violent Protesters: ‘These People Have to Be Dealt With Very Strongly’ - Breitbart.
GO On this week’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace,” Republican presidential   Donald Trump said of the violent protesters at his rally in California last week, “these people have to be dealt with strongly.
GO ’Birth of a Nation’ Poster Features Nate Parker in American Flag Noose - Breitbart.
GO Fox Searchlight released the latest promotional poster for its upcoming slave drama The Birth of a Nation on Friday that features the movie’s main character, slave rebellion leader Nat Turner (as played by Nate Parker) being hung with a noose fashioned from an American flag.
GO Marc Lamont Hill: ’Hillary Clinton Had Some Soft Moments of Birtherism,’ But Trump Pushed It ’For Years’ and Hasn’t Apologized - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of CNN’s “At This Hour,” CNN Commentator and Morehouse College Professor Marc Lamont Hill stated that “Hillary Clinton had some soft moments of birtherism,” while GOP presidential Donald Trump pushed the birther agenda for years and has never taken “full responsibility for his contribution to the dialogue.
GO Report: Bruce Jenner Cancels Speaking Tour over Low Ticket Sales.
GO Bruce Jenner has cancelled a planned   speaking tour, amidst reports of slow ticket sales and lack of interest.
GO Marco Rubio: Religious Right Should Love Gays Not Judge Them - Breitbart.
GO In a speech to pastors, Sen. Marco Rubio urged religious conservatives to love gay people, instead of judging them for their behavior.
GO Syrian Migrants Who Named Child ‘Angela Merkel’ Rejected for Asylum.
GO A Syrian couple who were celebrated in the media for naming their child Angela Merkel after migrating to Germany have had their asylum application rejected.
GO Axelrod: Clinton’s Problem Is ’Not Health, It’s Stealth’ - Breitbart.
GO Former Obama adviser David Axelrod said Hillary Clinton has a problem with “stealth” not her health on CNN’s “The Lead” on Monday.
GO Pat Caddell: ’Nobody Knows What We’re Polling’.
GO Pat Caddell talked to Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday about the apparent disconnect in election polling, stating, “The secret is nobody knows what we’re polling.
GO 916 Illegals From Terror-Linked Countries Apprehended Since 2014 - Breitbart.
GO U. S. Border Patrol agents apprehended at least 916 illegal immigrants from countries linked to terrorism trying to sneak into the United States across the Southwest border in 2014 and 2015, according to a Breitbart News tally gleaned from federal data released under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA).
GO Obama: Team USA Shows US ’Sets The Gold Standard’ Because ’We’re Nation of Immigrants’ With Strength In Diversity and Unity - Breitbart.
GO During Saturday’s Weekly Address, President Obama said, “Team USA reminds the world why America always sets the gold standard: We’re a nation of immigrants that finds strength in our diversity and unity in our national pride.
GO Stephen A Smith: Black NFL Players Have an ’Issue’ With the Level of Control in the NFL - Breitbart.
GO During the Friday broadcast of ESPN2’s “First Take,”   Stephen A. Smith reacted to Seattle Seahawks corner back Richard Sherman saying the NFL is not fun anymore because the league has shut down excessive celebrations and individuality.
GO Indiana Teen Arrested for Allegedly Trying to Join Islamic State.
GO A high school student from Brownsburg, Indiana, has been arrested and charged with attempting to give aid to the Islamic State (ISIS) and planning to flee the U. S. to join ISIS on the battlefields of Syria.
GO Police: Two Firefighters Arrested for Assault After Fighting over Who Should Go Inside Burning Building First.
GO Police have arrested two Maryland firefighters on charges of assaulting a female firefighter from another station after they got into a fight over who would go inside a burning building first.
GO Man Fatally Shoots Own Brother to Save Girlfriend from Hammer Attack - Breitbart.
GO On August 11, a St. Louis man shot and killed his own brother in order to save his brother’s girlfriend from a hammer attack.
GO Al Qaeda Deadly and Growing 15 Years After 9/11.
GO Fifteen years after the United States declared war on al Qaeda (AQ) for launching the   attacks on the American homeland, the jihadist group remains active and growing in its various forms, capitalizing on the chaos in Yemen, Afghanistan, Syria, and some African countries.
GO CNN’s Tapper: Obama’s Media Criticisms Should Be Directed Towards His Own Admin Given Lack of Transparency - Breitbart.
GO CNN’s “The Lead” host Jake Tapper argued that while President Obama made some good points in his criticism of the media’s coverage of the 2016 presidential race, his “lecturing would be better delivered to your own administration” given its record on transparency on Tuesday.
GO DELINGPOLE: Why I’m Backing Boris Johnson and Michael Gove.
GO Last week a coalition of Brexit politicians including Boris Johnson and Michael Gove won the biggest popular mandate in British history.
GO Police: Oklahoma Woman Killed Daughter by Shoving Crucifix Down Her Throat - Breitbart.
GO Per a KCTV5 report, a woman in Oklahoma City, OK is accused of forcing a crucifix down her daughter’s throat and watching her die.
GO Museum of Modern Art Adds Emojis to Collection - Breitbart.
GO The world’s first set of emojis have been added to the Museum of Modern Art, opening the museum’s emoji exhibition that will include new installations in December.
GO Rubio: Hillary Will Probably Have To Pardon Herself If Elected, I’d Repeal All ’Unconstitutional’ Obama Orders On Day 1 - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday’s “Hannity” on the Fox News Channel, Florida Senator and Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio declared that if Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is elected, “One of the first things she’ll probably have to do is pardon herself.
GO Police: West Virginia Couple Accused of Trying to Sell Baby for Drugs - Breitbart.
GO A couple from Layland, West Virginia, have been arrested and charged with trying to sell their own baby for drugs, a report reveals.
GO Shooting Death of NBA Star Dwyane Wade’s Cousin Highlights Gang Violence in Chicago - Breitbart.
GO The death of NBA star Dwyane Wade’s first cousin, shot as she was pushing her baby in a stroller on the sidewalk in a South Side neighborhood, is once again casting a bloody shadow over the City of Chicago.
GO Trump: Newt Gingrich Is Wrong We Are Trying to Drain the Swamp.
GO Donald Trump corrected former House Speaker Newt Gingrich after he said on television that the   was no longer interested in draining the swamp.
GO Pro-life Women: ‘Disgusted’ By Donald Trump, ‘He Has Impugned Dignity of Women’ - Breitbart.
GO A group of state and national   leaders are urging Iowa voters to support anyone except Donald Trump, referring to him as a man who “has impugned the dignity of women,” including Fox News host Megyn Kelly and his 2016 GOP rival, Carly Fiorina.
GO Nuclear Scientist Who ’Defected’ to U.S. Executed in Iran, His Family Says.
GO The BBC Reports: An Iranian nuclear scientist detained since 2010 has been executed, his family has told the BBC.
GO MSNBC’s Craig Melvin: Jill Stein Trying to ’Delegitimize’ Trump With Recount - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on MSNBC while discussing Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein raising enough money online to initiate recounts of the presidential vote in the swing states of Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, host Craig Melvin said it was his “own personal theory,” that this could be an early effort to “delegitimize”   Donald Trump before he is sworn in.
GO Santorum: The Media Is Ignoring Me for an ‘Entertainer’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday at Fox News Channel’s Republican presidential “undercard” debate, former Sen. Rick Santorum ( ) said he is in the lesser debate because the media is only “talking about an entertainer.
GO Richard Simmons Rep Denies Report that Fitness Guru Transitioned into Woman - Breitbart.
GO A representative for Richard Simmons has vehemently denied a tabloid report that the fitness and lifestyle guru has secretly transitioned into a woman.
GO Tesla Uses $300M in Model 3 Deposits to Stay Afloat - Breitbart.
GO Tesla Motors Inc. caused a sensation by picking up $300 million in Model 3 customer deposit cash in just 96 hours this week.
GO How Clinton’s Russia Conspiracy Theory Could Nullify the Vote.
GO Hillary Clinton’s campaign has been placing increasing emphasis on a bizarre conspiracy theory that claims Russia is hacking the U. S. election to ensure that Donald Trump wins.
GO Donald Trump: ’Ted Cruz’s Problem with the National Enquirer Is His and His Alone’.
GO Donald Trump on Friday denied claims from fellow 2016 Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz that Trump’s friends at the National Enquirer and Trump “political henchmen” are behind a story that the Texas senator engaged in several extramarital affairs.
GO Police: San Bernardino Terror Attack Triggered by Christmas Party.
GO San Bernardino police and the FBI are pointing to the Christmas theme at a work holiday party as one spark that two terrorists latched onto as a motive for their   Islamic terror attack.
GO Fiorina: I Would Have Left My Husband and Apologized To Women If He Behaved Like Bill, Not Attacked His Accusers Like Hillary - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina said that while pointing to Bill’s behavior isn’t the “most effective” way to beat Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, “if my husband were doing that, I would have left him” and apologized to his accusers rather than attacking them like Hillary did on Wednesday’s “Hannity” on the Fox News Channel.
GO Poll: John Kasich Leads Donald Trump by 5 Points in Ohio - Breitbart.
GO A new Fox News poll of Ohio primary voters shows Ohio Governor John Kasich leading Donald Trump by five points, less than a week before the state’s    primary.
GO Michael Irvin: Jerry Jones Can Straighten Out Johnny Manziel - Breitbart.
GO Dallas Cowboys Hall of Fame wide receiver and NFL Network analyst Michael Irvin told TMZ Sports that Cowboys owner Jerry Jones could fix troubled Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel, who is speculated to be released by the team who drafted him in the first round as soon as possible.
GO Another Poll Shows Bernie Sanders 2 Points Behind Clinton in CA.
GO A new poll has confirmed that Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) has caught Hillary Clinton in the California primary, reaching a statistical dead heat with less than a week to go before the June 7 primary.
GO Canada’s Supreme Court Legalizes Some Sex Acts with Animals.
GO Canada’s highest court has just ruled that some sex acts between humans and animals are legal.
GO Asylum Seeker Threatens to Kill Two Court Officials.
GO An Algerian asylum seeker threatened to kill two district attorneys in an Austrian court after claiming police had taken away his money.
GO Joshua Green: ‘$62 Million in Ads Run Against Trump, Zero in Attack Ads Run Against Clinton’ in Primaries - Breitbart.
GO Boston Globe and Bloomberg News journalist Joshua Green had some breaking news to share on Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily about the stark difference in negative campaign ads endured by Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in their respective primaries.
GO Donald Trump Tests New Nickname for Clinton: ’Heartless Hillary’.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump tested out a new nickname for likely Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton on Friday, “Heartless Hillary.
GO Kellyanne Conway to CNN: Your Polls Were Off From the Results in Iowa - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday, Polling Company President and CEO Kellyanne Conway, who does polling and analysis for a   super PAC pointed out that CNN’s polling wasn’t reflected in the results in Iowa on CNN’s “New Day.
GO New York Teacher Faces Backlash for Calling Students ’Racist’.
GO A New York teacher is facing backlash after she called her students “racist” in a Facebook post.
GO Four Out Of Five Criminals In European Capital Are Foreigners.
GO Danish police are being stretched by a migrant crime wave in capital Copenhagen as foreign outlaws “flock” to the city in ever greater numbers.
GO Amy Walter: Women Are Voting Against Trump, Not For Hillary - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” national editor of The Cook Political Report Amy Walter said of the woman voters she has observed in focus groups supporting Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton were doing so more as “a vote against Donald Trump” than in support of Clinton.
GO Phyllis Schlafly Stumps with Donald Trump: ‘He Is a Real Conservative and I Ask You to Support Him’ - Breitbart.
GO Conservative leader and Founder of the Eagle Forum Phyllis Schlafly said GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is a candidate that will give conservatives “a choice not an echo” during Trump’s campaign rally in St. Louis, Missouri at the Peabody Opera House on Friday afternoon.
GO MILO: Only Trump Can Save The Supreme Court - Breitbart.
GO During his latest stop on the Dangerous Faggot tour at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee, MILO criticized #NeverTrump conservatives, claiming that only Donald Trump can save the Supreme Court and ensure the protection of the US Constitution.
GO DiCaprio, De Niro, Jenner Get Out the Vote in Star-Studded PSA.
GO Leonardo DiCaprio, Robert De Niro, Julia Roberts and Kendall Jenner are just a few of the celebrities urging Americans to get out and vote on November 8 in a   PSA released Tuesday.
GO ABC News 2016 Tracking Poll: Clinton Leads Trump by 12 Points - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 12 points in the ABC News 2016 tracking poll published on Sunday, 50 percent to 38 percent.
GO Carville: Comey ’Acting in Concert and Coordination’ with House GOP - Breitbart.
GO Monday on MSNBC while discussing the FBI reopening the investigation into Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, Democratic strategist and long time Clinton ally James Carville said FBI Director James Comey is “acting in concert and coordination with the House Republicans.
GO Islamic State Bans Christians from Leaving Raqqa, Syria.
GO The last remaining Christians in Syria’s Raqqa are being forbidden from leaving “under any condition” by the Islamic State ( ) jihadists who control the   capital of the terrorist group, as forces loyal to dictator Bashar   and their allies advance towards the city.
GO Marco Rubio: Illegal Migrants Can Stay In America - Breitbart.
GO Illegal immigrants should be allowed to stay in the United States, providing they have been in the country for a long time and are not criminals, Sen. Marco Rubio said on NBC’s “Meet the Press” Sunday TV show.
GO Dixie Chicks Singer: I’m ’Ashamed Ted Cruz Claims to Be American’ - Breitbart.
GO Dixie Chicks singer Natalie Maines attacked Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on Twitter saying that she is “ashamed Ted Cruz claims to be American.
GO Erik Prince: U.S. Must Deny Entry to People Who May Threaten Christian Way of Life.
GO Erik Prince, former CEO of private security firm Blackwater who served as a Navy SEAL and CIA asset, told Breitbart News Sunday’s Stephen K. Bannon that to win the war against radical Islamic terrorism, the United States must deny entry to people who pose a threat to America’s Christian way of life.
GO WATCH: Al Jazeera ADMITS Removing Criticism Of Islam From Debate.
GO Arabic news channel Al Jazeera has admitted to selectively editing an interview with Tommy Robinson, one of the organisers behind PEGIDA UK, to remove critical references to Muhammed, the prophet of Islam, as well as to Israel and the death penalty in Qatar.
GO Paula Jones: ’Makes Me Sick’ Bill Has The Nerve To Campaign For Hillary - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on “Inside Edition,” Paula Jones, the former Arkansas state employee who accused former President Bill Clinton of sexual harassment and was paid $850, 000 by Clinton in an    settlement, said she is unhappy Bill is campaigning for his wife, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
GO Trump Campaign Features Bill Clinton Rape Accuser Juanita Broaddrick In New Anti-Hillary Ad - Breitbart.
GO Fresh from using the “R” word during a recent   with Sean Hannity, Donald Trump on Monday released on Instagram a new campaign ad against Hillary Clinton featuring the voice of Bill Clinton’s rape accuser, Juanita Broaddrick.
GO Sara Netanyahu Questioned for Five Hours on Suspicions of Corruption.
GO Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s wife, Sara, was questioned under advisement for five hours on Thursday on suspicions of using public funds to pay for private expenses.
GO Anti-Cartel Militia Leader Asks Pope for Help with Mexico’s Out of Control Violence.
GO The founder of the famous     groups in Michoacan, sent a letter from prison to Pope Francis I asking him to intercede with the Mexican government to help stop that country’s out of control cartel violence.
GO Feminists: Trump Threatened to Assassinate Hillary, Because Woman.
GO The feminist activist group UltraViolet condemned Donald Trump’s comments on the Second Amendment on Tuesday, saying that he had threatened violence against Hillary Clinton, and that he had done so because she is a woman.
GO NYT: Trump Actually Supports ’Arming People to Defend Themselves in Gunfights’.
GO On December 17, an astonished New York Times observed that   Donald Trump actually supports “arming people to defend themselves in gunfights.
GO Obama: ‘I Continue to Believe That Mr. Trump Will Not Be President’ - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama says he still believes that Donald Trump will not become president of the United States and suggested that Trump will lose popularity as the election grows more serious.
GO Megyn Kelly to Appear On Stephen Colbert’s Big Post-Super Bowl Show - Breitbart.
GO Although Stephen Colbert made a name for himself mocking Fox News on his   Comedy Central show “The Colbert Report,” for his big   Bowl “Late Show,” the   comedian has invited Fox News’s Megyn Kelly to appear.
GO ABC Nightline’s Moran’s Milo Interview Mocked In Top Bing News Story - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos’ recent ABC Nightline interview made the Top Stories section of Bing today with a headline mocking Nightline host Terry Moran’s interview skills: “Interview Goes Badly.
GO Climate Alarmist: Donald Trump Should ‘Kill Himself Immediately’.
GO One of the leading purveyors of climate change panic has described the Presidential election of Donald J. Trump as a “global disaster,” adding that if were to meet Trump he would tell him: “Kill yourself immediately.
GO Ted Cruz Leaps To ICE Officer Chris Crane’s Defense Following Marco Rubio’s Smear - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz is defending ICE Officer Chris Crane, following Sen. Marco Rubio’s seeming attempt to denounce the war veteran as a “conspiracy” theorist for claiming law enforcement’s concerns were ignored in the   Gang of Eight bill   by Sen. Rubio.
GO Trump: Political Correctness Is Killing Us, We Have to Look At Profiling - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said political correctness was killing Americans and although he dislikes the concept, the United States is going to have to look seriously at profiling terror suspects.
GO Man Allegedly Strangled, Dismembered, Eaten with Chopsticks by Grindr Date - Breitbart.
GO A British police officer was allegedly strangled, dismembered, and eaten with chopsticks by his date who he met on the gay dating app Grindr.
GO Levin: Cruz Is Eligible - I ’Don’t Have To Agree’ With Trump ’Like Our Friends Over at Breitbart’ - Breitbart.
GO Talk radio host Mark Levin criticized the questioning of Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz, stating, “just because he [Trump] says something doesn’t mean I have to agree with it like our friends over at Breitbart who are going all kinds of crazy over the birther issue” while addressing the issue over multiple segments of his radio show on Wednesday.
GO Obama Gripes After Reporter Shouts Out Immigration Question During Press Conference - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama appeared displeased that Washington Post reporter David Nakamura shouted out a question about immigration data after Obama and the Prime Minister of Italy finished a press conference in the Rose Garden.
GO Michael Yon: China Is ‘On the March’ Across the Pacific - Breitbart.
GO Veteran war correspondent Michael Yon appeared on Breitbart News Daily with host Stephen K. Bannon on Friday morning to discuss the growing threat of Chinese ambitions in the South China Sea.
GO Donald Trump: ’I’m Not Ready to Support Speaker Ryan’s Agenda’ - Breitbart.
GO Likely Republican nominee Donald Trump responded to Speaker of the House Paul Ryan’s statement earlier Thursday that he’s “not ready” to support Trump.
GO When ‘Organic’ Food Isn’t.
GO When the Washington Post isn’t lighting the funeral pyre for our dying democracy, the paper is doing solid investigative work into the   industry.
GO Has-Been Hillary.
GO The funniest episode in the protective yet revealing new Hillary Clinton profile arrives when we learn that this sad, unemployed,    lady is so desperate to keep her   alive that she still employs flunkies and retainers to treat her as though she actually were the president, or the secretary of state, or a president in waiting, or at very least the leader of the opposition.
GO Trump Will Withdraw from the Paris Agreement. Good..
GO Just this morning, CNN reported that President Trump plans to pull out of the Paris Climate Change Agreement, in defiance of immense pressure from the left not to.
GO Is Trump All Talk on Iran?.
GO During his trip to the Middle East last week, President Donald Trump had one consistent theme and he never wavered from it: The region needs to unite to stop Iran.
GO Defund the Evergreen State College.
GO In 1999, the Evergreen State College of Washington featured convicted   and Black Panther Mumia   as its commencement speaker via a recording.
GO The Ninth Circuit Is Wrong.
GO It is but a small compliment to a   panel of the Ninth Circuit to say that the latest judicial ruling against President Trump’s immigration executive order is marginally less awful than the rulings that came before.
GO Attorney General Sessions’s Recusal Was Unnecessary.
GO I have argued that Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s recusal from the   Russia investigation was a mistake.
GO Cambridge University to Examiners: Don’t Use the Words ‘Flair’ or ‘Genius’ Because of ‘Gender Inequality’.
GO Cambridge University has warned its examiners not to use words such as “flair,” “genius,” or “brilliance” when reviewing students’ work because they “carry assumptions of gender inequality.
GO Assigning Blame for London’s Tower Inferno.
GO I was in London last week and woke up to horrifying pictures of the inferno that engulfed the Grenfell Tower public housing project in London.
GO John Kasich’s Campaign to Save Obamacare.
GO Ohio governor John Kasich’s   campaign for Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion could wipe out whatever chance remains for Congress to pass a substantial   bill.
GO 1, 2, 3, 4 . . . What Are We Probing For?.
GO Have you ever found yourself in the middle of an elaborate story when, suddenly, you have no idea why you are telling someone about, say, the time that you sliced up the soles of your feet while perched atop jagged coral in Cancun?
GO The Senate’s ‘Better Care Reconciliation Act of 2017’ Finally Revealed.
GO After weeks of secrecy and speculation, Senate Republicans have finally unveiled a   iteration of their   bill, titled the “Better Care Reconciliation Act of 2017.
GO University: Saying ‘Gender Plays No Part in Whom We Hire’ Is a ‘Microaggression’.
GO According to a document on Rowan University’s official website, saying that “gender plays no part in who we hire” is a microaggression, and you should intervene and correct people if you hear them saying it.
GO On Russia, Can Congress Save Trump from Himself?.
GO It doesn’t happen very often, but on at least one issue, Donald Trump is acting like a normal president.
GO What If Donald Trump Doesn’t Sink the Republican Party?.
GO What if Republican voters who don’t particularly like President Donald Trump are also able to compartmentalize their votes?
GO On Migration, Europe Is Admitting the Truth to Itself.
GO The migration crisis that has been central to the European political drama since 2014 is rapidly changing.
GO Under Clinton Presidency, U.S. Muslim Population Would Exceed Germany’s by 2024 - Breitbart.
GO Under two terms of a President Hillary Clinton, the U. S. Muslim population would exceed Germany’s current Muslim population, according to data from Pew Research Center and the Department of Homeland Security.
GO Glenn Beck: Failure to Elect Ted Cruz Will Leave Us With Blood on Our Hands - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on The Blaze TV, host Glenn Beck told his listeners why he is campaigning for Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and he urged them to do the same because if America goes away, the blood will be on their hands.
GO Presidential Debates Should Include Libertarian Gary Johnson, Say 52 Percent of Voters - Breitbart.
GO   percent of registered voters want libertarian candidate Gary Johnson to be included in the presidential TV debates, according to a survey by Morning Consult.
GO Carson: Dems Play the Race Card ‘Like Little Children Having a Temper Tantrum’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on the “Hugh Hewitt Show,” Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson said Democrats play the race card “anytime they don’t get their way like little children having a temper tantrum.
GO Sanders on the Recount: ’No One Expects There To Be Profound Change’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” while discussing Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein initiating recounts of the presidential vote in the swing states of Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton supporting the effort, former Democratic primary candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said, “No one expects there to be profound change.
GO Progressives: Kaine Selection Gives Trump Advantage on Trade - Breitbart.
GO Progressive leaders are concerned that Hillary Clinton’s selection of Sen. Tim Kaine as her running mate will give Donald Trump and Republicans the advantage on trade this fall.
GO Accused Palm Springs Cop Killer Had Stolen Gun - Breitbart.
GO On October 12 Riverside County District Attorney Mike Hestrin revealed that Palm Springs cop killer John Felix had an   “with a   serial number” and would be charged with possession of a stolen gun.
GO North Park University Trump-Inspired ’Hate Crime’ Revealed to Be a Hoax - Breitbart.
GO A homophobic “hate crime” supposedly inspired by President elect Donald Trump at North Park University in Chicago has been revealed to be a hoax, according to the university’s president.
GO Whoopi: ’I Can’t Get Mad That the System Is Rigged Against the White Guy’ Bernie Sanders - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on ABC’s “The View,” while commenting on Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) supporters booing at the first night of the Democratic National Convention,   Whoopi Goldberg said she couldn’t “get mad that the system is rigged against the white guy.
GO After 9/11, Saudis Had Huma Abedin-Connected Group Removed from Terror List.
GO Hillary Clinton’s top aide Huma Abedin has deep and, so far, unexplained connections to a Saudi Arabian man who ran a Saudi organization that U. S. intelligence connected to terror funding during both Bill Clinton and George W. Bush’s administrations, but escaped scrutiny after pressure from the Saudi Arabian government.
GO WATCH: Justin Bieber Takes Nasty Fall Off Stage.
GO Video showing pop sensation Justin Bieber taking a nasty fall during a concert in Saskatoon, Canada, on Thursday night is going viral on social media.
GO Donald Trump to Meet with Sheriff David Clarke as He Plans Administration - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump plans to meet with Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke as he continues to vet possible candidates for his administration.
GO Ken Cuccinelli: Trump Campaign Taking ‘a Banana Republic Approach’ to the Delegate System - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” former Virginia attorney general and delegate operations director for Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) Ken Cuccinelli said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s campaign is taking “a banana republic approach” to how they are handling the GOP’s delegate rules.
GO Gerson: ’Republicans Are At A Stage Of Panic In The Republican National Committee’ Over Trump - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,”   columnist for The Washington Post Michael Gerson said some Republicans are at stage of panic over presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
GO Tim Kaine Dodges on if Hillary Clinton Will Hold a Press Conference - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week” Democratic   nominee Tim Kaine dodged the direct question on if Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton will hold a press conference.
GO Russian Track and Field Team Banned from Olympics for Doping - Breitbart.
GO The International Association of Athletics Federations banned Russia’s track and field team for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro as a result of extensive doping and corruption charges.
GO Bruce Jenner ‘Surprised’ Cruz Hasn’t Contacted Him About ’Trans Ambassador’ Job.
GO Transgender reality TV star Bruce “Caitlyn” Jenner is “surprised” that Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz has not contacted him over his proposal to act as Cruz’s official ambassador to the transgender community.
GO Foreign Leaders React to Donald Trump’s Election Victory - Breitbart.
GO Leaders around the world are reacting to the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States.
GO Watch Live: Mike Pence in Dubuque, IA - Breitbart.
GO Monday, GOP   nominee Mike Pence will hold a rally in Dubuque, IA that is scheduled to begin at 8 p. m. ET.
GO CATO Analyst: Obama Should Be Ashamed of Brexit Meddling.
GO A senior policy analyst at the   Cato Institute told Breitbart News one of the most certain turning points in the Brexit referendum campaign was the April 22 joint press conference with Prime Minister David Cameron and President Barack Obama, where Obama endorsed Cameron’s case for the United Kingdom staying in the European Union.
GO PICTURES: Pro-Trump Art Show Opens In New York City - Breitbart.
GO “Daddy Will Save Us,” first   art show has opened in New York City, and the first pictures from the event can be viewed below.
GO Vicente Fox: Trump an ’Ugly American’ Who Doesn’t Know China’s Great Wall Failed - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” former Mexican President Vicente Fox said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was an “ugly American” who didn’t know the Great Wall of China failed.
GO Paul Ryan: ’I Disavow’ Trump’s Comments ’Textbook Definition of a Racist Comment’ - Breitbart.
GO Speaker of the House Paul Ryan says he “fundamentally disagrees” with presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump’s comment about Judge Gonzalo Curiel, calling it “the textbook definition of a racist comment.
GO Pence: ’Mystifying’ Obama a Hero for Talking to Dictators But It’s a Controversy Trump Talks to Taiwan - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while commenting on the controversy over the phone call between   Donald Trump and Taiwan President Tsai   Vice   Mike Pence said it was “a little mystifying” President Barack Obama Cuban dictator Raul Castro and be “hailed as a hero,” while   Donald Trump receives criticism for taking call from the president of Taiwan.
GO Sheryl Crow: ’I’m Embarrassed,’ I Don’t Let My Kids Watch TV When Trump Is On - Breitbart.
GO Monday on ABC’s “The View,” musician and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton supporter Sheryl Crow said she doesn’t let her children watch Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on television because she is “embarrassed.
GO Trump: Cruz Won Iowa ’Because He Got Ben Carson’s Votes’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump accused fellow candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz of winning Iowa caucuses by getting fellow candidate Dr. Ben Carson’s supporters during his closing statement in Saturday’s GOP presidential debate on ABC.
GO Five Crazy Crimes That Have Occurred at Rio Olympics -- Already.
GO The Olympics opening ceremonies occurred only days ago, but Rio de Janeiro has already been the scene of some outrageous criminal scenarios, placing athletes, officers, and even   security officials in the line of fire.
GO ’Hamilton’ to Drop Muskets from Tony Awards Performance After Orlando Terror Attack - Breitbart.
GO The cast of the hit Broadway show Hamilton will not use prop muskets during their performance at the Tony Awards on Sunday night in the wake of Sunday morning’s terror attack on the Pulse nightclub in Orlando that left 50 people dead and another 53 injured.
GO Sex Robot Cafe To Open In London: ’Sex, Pastries - and Nothing More’ - Breitbart.
GO Sex industry entrepreneur Bradley Charvet has revealed his plans to open a sex robot café in London, where visitors will be able to receive “cyber fellatio” while drinking tea.
GO Exit Poll: Two Out of Three GOP Voters in New Hampshire Want Pause To Islamic Migration - Breitbart.
GO The New Hampshire exit polls shows that   of GOP primary voters in New Hampshire back Donald Trump’s repeated calls for a temporary pause to Islamic immigration until the federal government can suppress imported jihad.
GO Chris Matthews: Support for Trump Based on Patriotism - Breitbart.
GO Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” “Hardball” host Chris Matthews said support for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is based on “the patriotic feelings people have.
GO Club for Growth Plans Anti-Trump Ad in Wisconsin, ’To Stop Trump, Vote for Cruz’ - Breitbart.
GO The Club for Growth, which has long opposed GOP frontrunner Donald Trump and recently endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is planning to run an   television ad in Wisconsin ahead of the state’s primary on April 5.
GO Donald Trump: NRA Leaders Are ’Great Americans’ - Breitbart.
GO During the June 19 airing of Face the Nation, presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump described NRA leaders as “great Americans” who are motivated by the “best interests of our country.
GO Barry Bonds, Roger Clemens Gradually Making Way to Hall of Fame - Breitbart.
GO As time goes by MLB’s   home run leader, Barry Bonds, and the winner of the most Cy Young awards in baseball history, Roger Clemens, both move closer towards induction into the Hall of Fame.
GO Home Office Admits it Can’t Verify the Ages of Calais Migrant ’Children’.
GO Concerns have been raised that adult migrants are posing as children to gain entry to the UK, as it has emerged that the Home Office has no way of verifying the ages of child migrants being relocated from the Calais Jungle.
GO 7 Things to Know About Secretary of Defense Nominee James Mattis.
GO Retired Marine General James N. Mattis, named on Thursday as   Donald Trump’s choice for Secretary of Defense, is a    figure with a fascinating career.
GO MasterCard Chief: Brexit Will Have No Major Impact On Us.
GO Brexit will have no significant impact on MasterCard, one of the world’s largest financial services corporations, the company’s President of International Markets has said.
GO Hamlet Performance at Calais ’Jungle’ Camp Cut Short As There Were ’a Lot of Knives Around’.
GO A performance of Shakespeare’s Hamlet at the notorious Calais migrant camp known as the “Jungle” was cut short because “there were a lot of knives around,” organisers said.
GO Church of England Bishop Becomes First to Come Out Publicly As Gay.
GO The Bishop of Grantham, Nicholas Chamberlain, has become the first Church of England Bishop to publicly announce that he is gay and in a relationship.
GO Thomas Mair Guilty of Murdering MP Jo Cox.
GO Thomas Mair has been sentenced to life imprisonment after being found guilty of murdering Labour MP Jo Cox in June this year.
GO EXCLUSIVE - Dershowitz: No Knowledge of Clinton Having Sex with Jeffrey Epstein’s Underage Girls - Breitbart.
GO Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz tells Breitbart News he has no knowledge of Bill Clinton engaging in illicit activities with underage girls procured by billionaire and convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein.
GO Brad Thor Changes Story About What He Meant in Glenn Beck Interview - Breitbart.
GO Fiction author Brad Thor changed his story Tuesday about what he meant in an interview that ultimately got Glenn Beck suspended from SiriusXM radio.
GO MILO: Pollsters Are Helping To Rig The Election - Breitbart.
GO Giving a speech at George Mason University, MILO argued that pollsters are part of the process of rigging elections.
GO Protesting Teachers Extinguish Olympic Torch in Rio de Janeiro - Breitbart.
GO Protesters, including teachers on strike, stole and extinguished the Olympic torch in Rio de Janeiro Wednesday, raising security concerns about potential disruptions when the Summer Olympic Games begin in Brazil on August 5.
GO Ted Cruz Shifts Attack Ads Away From Donald Trump To Focus On Marco Rubio - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz appears to be shifting his attacks to his senate colleague Marco Rubio and away from frontrunner Donald Trump, according to a report in the New York Times.
GO Rep. Louie Gohmert: If Trump Apologizes I’ll Come on Board - Breitbart.
GO Ted Cruz for President supporter Rep. Louie Gohmert said that if Donald Trump apologizes for “accusing the most honorable guy in the race of all kinds of dishonesty,” then he will come on board and support the now presumptive Republican Party nominee.
GO Conway Reacts to Scare at Trump Rally: ’Many Of Us Are Getting More Death Threats’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” reacting to a scare in Nevada at a rally for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, his campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said, “In these closing days, especially as the polls tighten, many of us are getting more death threats, getting more angry messages on social media and elsewhere.
GO Paul Ryan Team: We Can Win Primary Without Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO Speaker of the House Paul Ryan has not asked for Donald Trump’s endorsement in his Republican primary and expects to win without it, according to his campaign.
GO Billionaire Saudi prince fires back after Donald Trump promotes fake photo of him and Megyn Kelly.
GO ’Billionaire Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal fired back at Donald Trump on Thursday after the Republican presidential    to attack Fox News.’ ”Trump shared a photo on Twitter that purported to show Alwaleed, Alwaleed’s sister, and Fox News host Megyn Kelly.” ’The text on the photo claimed that Alwaleed was a ” ” of Fox News.
GO Samsung’s next Galaxy phone just leaked.
GO ”The first image of Samsung’s next major smartphone, the Galaxy S7, has leaked.” ’Evan Blass, who has a nearly perfect record leaking new smartphones before they come out, shared the following render of the Galaxy S7 :’ ’’ ’As expected, the Galaxy S7 will come in two models, one with a standard flat screen and one with a curved screen.
GO Boeing’s newest airliner just flew for the first time.
GO ’’ ”Boeing’s newest airliner took to the sky for the first time on Friday.
GO Report: 30-year-old Calvin Johnson is retiring from the NFL.
GO ’Calvin Johnson reportedly told Detroit Lions head coach Jim Caldwell that 2015 was his final season in the NFL, according to ESPN ().’ ”According to the report, Johnson gave Caldwell the news on the day after the Lions’ final game of the season.
GO Apple Stores are dragging down growth at this chain of upscale shopping malls.
GO ’’ ”Apple’s retail stores are among the most recognizable destinations in shopping malls thanks to their sleek,   designs.” ”But the company’s status as the shining star of the mall may be fading.” ’Apple Stores are actually slowing growth in some American malls, according to ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’Meanwhile, ’
GO Why the strategy the Broncos used to clobber Tom Brady may be useless against Cam Newton.
GO ’’ ’In the AFC Championship, the Denver Broncos defense clobbered Tom Brady, sacking him four times, hitting him 20 times, and forcing him into two interceptions.’ ”In a   win, it was the Broncos’ impressive defense that ultimately got them to the Super Bowl.” ’However, against the Panthers, the Broncos face a very different opponent, and their plan of attack against Tom Brady and the Patriots may be moot for one big reason.’ ’The Panthers can run the ball.’ ” the Broncos didn’t respect the Patriots ability to run the ball whatsoever.
GO Millennials, you’re investing all wrong.
GO ’’ ’Young investors are getting it all wrong.’ ’Swiss bank UBS polled 1, 117 millennials and Gen X investors in December as part of its regular Investor Watch report and asked them a bunch of questions about investing.
GO The Broncos made a surprising decision for the Super Bowl, and it shows the game is in their head.
GO ”The Denver Broncos’ first major decision for Super Bowl 50 was a curious one: They will wear their white jerseys, the team has announced.” ’The decision is   on a couple of levels.
GO Lady Gaga killed it while singing the National Anthem during the Super Bowl.
GO ’Lady Gaga was in perfect pitch for her performance of the Nation Anthem just before kickoff of the Super Bowl.
GO The head of trading at Morgan Stanley just confirmed Wall Street’s worst fear.
GO ’’ ”Ted Pick, the global head of sales and trading at Morgan Stanley, just confirmed Wall Street’s worst fear: It has been a horrible first quarter in trading.” ’Pick was speaking at the .’ ’”The year started out OK.
GO The only way to get out of Amazon’s terms of service is a zombie apocalypse.
GO ’’ ’Only the fall of civilization from a widespread zombie attack will release you from Amazon’s terms of service for one of its new products.
GO Bernie could get fewer delegates than Hillary in New Hampshire despite a dominating win.
GO ’’ ’Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders may have trounced Hillary Clinton in last night’s New Hampshire Democratic presidential primary, but he probably won’t come out of the Granite State with more delegates than Clinton.’ ’Sanders crushed Clinton in virtually every demographic group, taking 60 percent of the overall vote to her 38 percent.
GO Jamie Dimon just dropped $26 million on JPMorgan shares.
GO ’’ ’JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon has bought 500, 000 shares in the bank, according to a person familiar with the matter.’ ’The share purchase cost around $26 million, according to the person.
GO Carl Icahn and John Paulson just scored a big win.
GO ’’ ’Carl Icahn and John Paulson scored a big win on Thursday.’ ’The billionaire investors got seats on the board of insurance giant AIG.’ ”Icahn won’t be on the board, but he’ll have one of his firm’s analysts take the seat.
GO If you’re thinking about retiring overseas, consider these places.
GO ’FA Insights is a daily newsletter from Business Insider that delivers the top news and commentary for financial advisors.’ ’ (Financial Advisor)’ ”Financial Advisor shared Live and Invest Overseas’ list of top places for Americans to retire outside of the US.
GO Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia found dead in Texas.
GO ’’ ’Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia was found dead in Texas on Saturday, according to multiple reports.’ ”The office of Texas Gov.
GO TED CRUZ: Obama shouldn’t appoint Justice Scalia’s successor.
GO ’’ ”Presidential candidate and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) lauded Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia after news of the justice’s death broke Saturday, but said President Barack Obama should not be the one to appoint his replacement.” ’”’ ”Cruz, who served as Texas’ solicitor general argued several cases in front of Scalia, praised the justice’s   tenure on the court.
GO 9 things to do in your 20s to become a millionaire by 30.
GO ’’ ”Becoming a millionaire by 30 is possible, and you don’t have to found the next Facebook or Snapchat or win a Powerball jackpot to do so.
GO A new national poll just found Ted Cruz vaulting past Donald Trump for the first time.
GO ’’ ’A new poll of Republican voters released on Wednesday found US Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) vaulting past Donald Trump nationally.’ ’ The Wall Street    showed Cruz, the Iowa caucuses winner, with 28% support among Republican primary voters.’ ”Trump captured 26% in the poll.
GO The big fight between Apple and the FBI is all Apple’s fault.
GO ”Apple is in a big fight with the FBI over privacy and security that could mean the company has to provide a   backdoor around its encryption, and the problem is, it’s all Apple’s fault.” ”Here’s how true    encryption works: I unlock my phone and send a text message, which gets jumbled up into unrecognizable characters, sent through Apple’s servers, then onto the recipient, who unscrambles it and reads it.
GO Donald Trump wins South Carolina primary.
GO ’’ ’Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump just scored his second victory of the election season by winning the South Carolina primary on Saturday.’ ’Trump was declared the winner shortly after South Carolina poll sites closed at 7 p. m. EST.’ ’With 73% of precincts reporting, Trump held a nearly   lead over Sens.
GO Hillary Clinton projected to win the Nevada caucuses.
GO ’Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton defeated Sen. Bernie Sanders in the Nevada Democratic caucuses, media outlets reported Saturday evening.’ ’”Some may have doubted us, but we never doubted each other,” Clinton said.’ ’During her victory speech, Clinton also appeared to take a subtle shot at Sanders.’ ’”Americans are right to be angry, but we’’re also hungry for real solutions,” Clinton said.’ ’”We aren’’t a single issue country.
GO Wall Street has had a disastrous year.
GO ’’ ”The numbers are in, and it’s official: Wall Street had a horrible 2015.” ’Poor trading results and low client activity in the second half of the year led to an overall drop in revenues for Wall Street banks.’ ”That’s according to the d, which just released its annual index of investment bank performance.” ’They tracked performance in key business divisions at Bank of America Merrill Lynch’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ”The numbers are in, and it’s official: Wall.
GO ’Turn off the lights!’: Donald Trump leads unusual chant after ’protester’ turns off lights at rally.
GO ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump had an unusual moment during his   rally in Atlanta, Georgia.’ ”As he spoke, the lights suddenly turned off and left the stage in darkness.
GO Donald Trump unleashes tweetstorm on Ted Cruz after Cruz asks his top spokesman to resign.
GO ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump wasted no time attacking GOP rival Ted Cruz after the latter abruptly asked his top spokesman to resign on Monday.’ ”Trump unleashed a series of tweets about Rick Tyler, the spokesman for Cruz’s presidential campaign.
GO The Republican Party is living its worst nightmare.
GO ’’ ’Last night’s results from the Republican presidential primary in Nevada have made it clear that, barring something bordering on the miraculous, the Republican Party is not going to wake up from its Donald Trump nightmare anytime soon.’ ’The billionaire’s dominant performance in the first Western state to select a Republican nominee earned him 45.
GO Tesla’s Model 3 has a chance to be huge.
GO ”You’ve probably heard the basic premise by now.” ”Tesla’s forthcoming Model 3 will be unveiled next month, go into production in late 2017, cost about $35, 000 before incentives, and appeal to the mainstream as an affordable electric car.” ”Elon Musk’s goal of getting Tesla to 500, 000 cars per year by 2020 is predicated largely on the Model 3.” ”It may surprise you, but the Model 3’s addressable market opportunity is actually bigger than you think.” ’What we knowFor starters, consider the U. S. sales figures that Tesla recently shared as part of its   earnings release.
GO 4 dead, 15 injured in a series of shootings in Kansas.
GO ’Police officers responded to a series of shootings in Kansas that left four people dead and 15 wounded Thursday.’ ’Authorities confirmed four shootings in Newton and Hesston, two rural towns north of Wichita.
GO AT&T and Google Fiber are fighting over poles.
GO ’Google and AT&T are in a fight over poles.’ ’Google needs access to utility poles owned by AT&T in ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’”Google Fiber is disappointed that AT&T has gone to court in an effort to block Louisville’’s efforts to increase broadband and video competition,” .
GO Not a single Apple shareholder asked Tim Cook about its fight with the FBI.
GO ’’ ”At Friday’s annual meeting of Apple shareholders, CEO Tim Cook was clearly ready to field questions about the company’s ongoing battle with the FBI over encryption.
GO Chilean navy admits it can’t explain ‘UFO’.
GO The Chilean navy has admitted it can’t explain a video filmed by its pilots showing a “UFO” in the country’s airspace.
GO T. Boone Pickens reveals he had a ‘ministroke’.
GO Energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens said he recently had a “ministroke,” but had recovered enough to return to work.
GO Ex-British spy behind Trump dossier has been identified.
GO The former British spy behind the scandalous dossier filled with   was identified on Wednesday, according to a report.
GO Trump on NATO: ‘I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete.’.
GO          President Trump on Wednesday pledged his full support to NATO, reaffirming the United States’ commitment to the alliance and saying he no longer considers it “obsolete,” a sharp reversal from his rhetoric on the campaign trail and during his first weeks in office.
GO President Trump’s thoroughly confusing Fox Business interview, annotated.
GO          President Trump spoke with Fox Business Network’s Maria Bartiromo in an interview airing Wednesday morning, and it was par for the course for Trump.
GO Ben Carson, touring affordable housing complex, gets stuck in elevator.
GO      Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson was rescued by firefighters from a stuck elevator while touring an affordable housing development in Miami on Wednesday morning.
GO U.S. military drops 22,000-pound bomb on Islamic State forces in Afghanistan.
GO          U. S. forces in Afghanistan dropped a   bomb on Islamic State forces in eastern Afghanistan Thursday, the Pentagon announced, using the largest   bomb ever used in combat.
GO Former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez acquitted of double-murder.
GO      Former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez was acquitted of two counts of   murder on Friday, following six days of jury deliberations that lasted more than 40 hours, the Associated Press reports.
GO 3 people killed during ‘unprovoked’ shooting rampage in Fresno, police say.
GO      Three people were killed in “random” and “unprovoked” shootings that unfolded in a matter of seconds Tuesday morning in Fresno, Calif. authorities said.
GO Trump’s inaugural committee reports record-shattering fundraising of $107 million.
GO      President Trump’s inaugural committee said Tuesday that it raised nearly $107 million for festivities surrounding his Jan. 20   about double the haul for any other incoming president.
GO Obama to make first post-presidency public appearance in Chicago next week.
GO      Former president Barack Obama will make his first public appearance since leaving office, breaking his   silence on Monday in Chicago just days before his successor marks his 100th day in office.
GO Ann Coulter finds an unlikely ally in her free-speech spat with Berkeley: Bill Maher.
GO           An unlikely person has come to the defense of conservative pundit Ann Coulter in her ongoing push to give a speech at the University of California at Berkeley: liberal television host and comedian Bill Maher.
GO Senate staff perplexed by unusual White House private briefing on North Korea.
GO           The White House announced Monday that it would host an unusual private briefing on North Korea for the entire Senate, prompting questions from lawmakers about whether the Trump administration intends to use the event as a photo op ahead of its   mark.
GO UC-Berkeley readies police as Ann Coulter plans to speak in public plaza on campus.
GO      The University of California at Berkeley is bracing for massive protests and potential violence in an open, public space known as Sproul Plaza after learning that conservative commentator Ann Coulter plans to give a speech there Thursday afternoon.
GO Top Pentagon watchdog launches investigation into money that Michael Flynn received from foreign groups.
GO           The Pentagon’s top watchdog has launched an investigation into money that former national security adviser and retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn received from foreign groups and whether he failed to obtain proper approval to do so, lawmakers and defense officials said Thursday.
GO United and man dragged from flight reach ‘amicable’ settlement.
GO           Lawyers for David Dao, the Kentucky man who was violently removed from a flight for refusing to give up his seat earlier this month, said Thursday that they have reached a confidential settlement with United Airlines.
GO When I’m honored for my journalism, everyone will see one thing: My headscarf.
GO    Sawsan Morrar, a multimedia journalist at the University of California at Berkeley’s Graduate School of Journalism, was chosen as a 2017 White House Correspondents’ Association Scholar.
GO Trump administration still considering how to make it easier to sue the media, Priebus says.
GO           Reviving a controversial theme that President Trump brought up on the campaign trail, Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said Sunday that the administration has “looked at” potential changes to libel laws that would make it easier for Trump to sue news organizations that criticize him.
GO President Trump says he would be ‘honored’ to meet with North Korean dictator.
GO      President Trump said Monday he would be “honored” to meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un “under the right circumstances.
GO Trump’s treasury secretary: ‘Thank me for your bank stocks doing better’.
GO      Speaking at an conference of elites in government and finance Monday morning, President Trump’s treasury secretary took credit for rising prices in bank stocks.
GO The 2017 Pro Football Hall of Fame class is....
GO Houston (CNN) The Chargers may no longer be in San Diego, but longtime fans of the Bolts have reason to celebrate, as iconic Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson was among the group elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday.
GO Federal judge declines to renew restraining order on Trump travel ban.
GO Washington (CNN) In the first court victory for the Trump administration, a federal judge in Boston declined Friday to renew a temporary restraining order affecting Massachusetts that prohibited the detention or removal of foreign travelers legally authorized to come to the US.
GO Paul Ryan: It looks like the Iran deal is here to stay.
GO Washington (CNN) House Speaker Paul Ryan said the nuclear agreement with Iran is probably going to stay in place, despite significant Republican opposition to the deal.
GO Setback for Trump: Appeals court rejects demand to resume travel ban -- for now.
GO Washington (CNN) A federal appeals court early Sunday morning denied the US government’s emergency request to resume President Donald Trump’s travel ban.
GO The Bishop Eddie Long I knew.
GO Atlanta (CNN) I was hanging out with Bishop Eddie Long one day when he decided to surprise me.
GO Democratic base leading the way for would-be party leaders.
GO Detroit (CNN) As their progressive base rages against President Donald Trump, the candidates vying to lead the Democratic Party are all abiding by a simple rule: First, do no harm.
GO The catch that saved the Patriots.
GO Houston (CNN) If wide receiver Julian Edelman hadn’t made that catch, the greatest comeback in Super Bowl history may never have happened, and the New England Patriots wouldn’t have been Super Bowl champions.
GO Kanye West deletes all tweets defending Trump meeting.
GO Washington (CNN) Kanye West deleted all of his tweets defending his meeting with President Donald Trump sometime between Sunday night and Monday morning.
GO Source: A target of Yemen raid was al Qaeda chief.
GO Washington (CNN) A senior US military official told CNN Monday that intelligence collection wasn’t the only objective of the recent military raid in Yemen but the leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula had also been targeted.
GO Democratic senator: We may flip another GOP vote on DeVos.
GO Washington (CNN) A Democratic senator from Michigan said Monday public pressure may have swayed enough of her Republican colleagues to bring down the nomination of Betsy DeVos for education secretary.
GO Schumer: Gorsuch ’avoided answers like the plague’ in meeting .
GO Washington (CNN) Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer blasted Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch Tuesday after the two men met on Capitol Hill because the judge ”avoided answers like the plague.” Schumer said he pressed Gorsuch, whom President Donald Trump nominated last week, about hot button legal and constitutional issues that are related to the new President.
GO House GOP leaders want more security at town halls amid Obamacare protests.
GO Washington (CNN) House Speaker Paul Ryan and top House GOP leaders are urging    members to increase security after several unruly town hall meetings dominated by Obamacare protests, including one that involved a member needing a police escort.
GO Jeff Sessions confirmed to be the next attorney general.
GO Washington (CNN) The Senate voted Wednesday to confirm Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama as the next attorney general, surviving a vocal push by Democrats to derail his nomination.
GO Melania Trump hires White House social secretary.
GO Washington (CNN) Melania Trump’s Washington calendar can officially begin to fill up: The first lady appointed Anna Cristina Niceta Lloyd, known as Rickie, as White House social secretary, the White House announced Wednesday evening.
GO Trump won’t immediately appeal travel ban halt to Supreme Court.
GO Washington (CNN) The Trump administration will not immediately appeal the decision blocking its travel ban to the Supreme Court, a source familiar with the matter tells CNN.
GO US investigators corroborate some aspects of the Russia dossier.
GO Washington (CNN) For the first time, US investigators say they have corroborated some of the communications detailed in a   dossier compiled by a former British intelligence agent, multiple current and former US law enforcement and intelligence officials tell CNN.
GO Merkel, Pence to meet in Germany.
GO Washington (CNN) German Chancellor Angela Merkel plans her first high level    talks with a member of the new US administration when she meets with Vice President Mike Pence next week in Munich.
GO Homophobia in sport: English Rugby Union praised for tackling abuse.
GO London (CNN) English rugby has been praised for clamping down on homophobia in the sport, though a leading gay referee warns there is still work to be done in eradicating the problem.
GO Melania Trump visits Japanese garden with Akie Abe .
GO Delray Beach, Florida (CNN) First Lady Melania Trump is committed to continuing the White House garden tradition, showcasing her interest in a Saturday morning visit to the Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens with Akie Abe, wife of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
GO Russian spy ship lurks off Connecticut coast.
GO Washington (CNN) A Russian spy ship sits 30 miles off the coast of Connecticut, a US defense official told CNN, while an armed Russian warplane recently carried out a ”mock attack” against a US ship.
GO Tillerson, Russian counterpart to attend G-20 .
GO Washington (CNN) Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford meet face to face with their Russian counterparts Thursday, as the Trump administration evaluates the future direction of   relations.
GO Utah county GOP official resigns after criticizing equal pay bill.
GO Washington (CNN) A Utah county Republican Party official has resigned after receiving blowback for criticizing a bill in the state legislature designed to create equal pay criteria.
GO Trump’s Sweden comment raises questions.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump’s reference to ”what’s happening last night in Sweden” during a Saturday rally in Florida raised questions in Sweden and around the internet about what he really meant and where he gets his information.
GO Trump: ’Ted Cruz is a Total Liar’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said his rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is a “total liar” for saying his healthcare proposal is the same as Obamacare.
GO CNN: Obama Fired a ’Parting Shot’ Towards Israel and Netanyahu - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of “CNN Newsroom,” CNN Global Affairs Correspondent Elise Labott and CNN Global Affairs Analyst Aaron David Miller characterized the US abstaining on a UN Security Council vote on the Israeli settlements as a “parting shot” by President Obama towards Israel and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
GO Mexican Ex-President Who Cursed Trump’s Wall Ignored Cartels While In Office.
GO The former Mexican president who has been speaking out against Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump is the same former politician who ignored drug cartels while he was in office.
GO Panetta: Trump Accused the President of Treason - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports” former Obama administration Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is “accusing the president of the United States of treason and collaborating with the enemy.
GO Clarence Page: Black Lives Matter Chanted That They Wanted Dead Cops Because They Have No Leadership ’Like The Tea Party’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s “McLaughlin Group,” Chicago Tribune Editorial Board member Clarence Page argued that Black Lives Matter protesters chanted that they wanted dead cops because “They’re a hashtag movement, like the Tea Party.
GO Lindsay Lohan Demands Meeting with Putin to Appear on Russian Talk Show.
GO Actress Lindsay Lohan has demanded a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin and nearly a million dollars to appear on the popular Russian talk show Let Them Talk.
GO Watch: CNN’s Jake Tapper Battles Rudy Giuliani Over Clinton Marriage - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of The Union,” host Jake Tapper got into a heated discussion with former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani over Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying his opponent Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton was probably not faithful to her husband former president Bill Clinton.
GO Milo: ’America Is the Greatest Country in the World’ - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos outlined his belief today on Breitbart News Daily on Sirius XM Patriot 125 that “America is the greatest country in the world.
GO Hugh Hewitt: Donald Trump Is A Disruptive Innovator - Breitbart.
GO Monday on MSNBC, conservative commentator and national radio talk show host Hugh Hewitt said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was a “disruptive innovator” in the 2016 presidential campaign.
GO VIDEO: Ohio Elector Burns Anti-Trump Letters He Received Leading Up to Electoral College Vote.
GO An Ohio sheriff who was an elector in Ohio’s Electoral College is burning all the   letters he received leading up to the Electoral College vote held Monday.
GO Michael Eric Dyson: Trump’s Nationalism Is a ’White Racist Supremacist Nationalism’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” author and radio host Michael Eric Dyson said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is promoting a “white racist supremacist nationalism.
GO Trump Campaign: Hillary Clinton’s Foundation Would Sell Political Favors in Clinton Presidency - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton’s determination to keep control of the   Clinton Foundation shows that she’s willing to sell favors if she’s elected to the Oval Office, says a spokesman for Donald Trump.
GO Sen. Barbara Boxer: Donald Trump Doesn’t Deserve ’Even One Woman’s Vote’ - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Barbara Boxer ( ) says GOP frontrunner Donald Trump doesn’t deserve “even one woman’s vote” after he targeted rival Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) wife, Heidi.
GO Army Officer Deshauna Barber Crowned Miss USA - Breitbart.
GO Army Reserve officer Deshauna Barber was crowned Miss USA on Sunday, after she and her fellow contestants answered a series of questions that proved controversial to some viewers on social media.
GO Lawyer: If Twitter Hadn’t Banned Milo, Leslie Jones Would Not Have Been Hacked - Breitbart.
GO Marc Randazza, a First Amendment lawyer based in Los Angeles, told The Wrap that if “Twitter [had] not banned Milo Yiannopoulos,” the release of nudes taken by the Ghostbusters actress Leslie Jones to the internet on Wednesday “would not have happened.
GO Former Guantánamo Detainee Arrested for Ties to Istanbul Airport Attack.
GO Airat Vakhitov, a Tatar formerly imprisoned at the U. S. military facility in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, for ties to the Taliban, has been arrested in Turkey in connection with last month’s siege of Istanbul Atatürk Airport.
GO Trump Campaign Manager Conway: We Are Planning to Hold Minority Outreach Events in Inner Cities - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway pledged the campaign will be doing minority outreach events in inner cities.
GO Bernie Sanders: Trump Came Across as ’Speaking From His Heart’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday on MSNBC’s townhall with Chris Hayes, former Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said   Donald Trump won the presidency because voters are tired of politically correct rhetoric and perceived Trump as “speaking from his heart.
GO Rafael Cruz: Donald Trump ‘Would Be Worse Than Hillary Clinton, But He Cannot Beat Hillary Clinton’ - Breitbart.
GO Citing GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s long history of supporting “ ” Democrats, Rafael Cruz, father of Ted Cruz, told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon that as president Donald Trump “would be worse than Hillary Clinton, but he cannot beat Hillary Clinton.
GO Netanyahu: ’I Must Express My Deep Disappointment’ With Kerry - ‘Israelis Do Not Need To Be Lectured’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday while responding to outgoing Secretary of State John Kerry’s remarks on the Middle East peace process in light of the Obama administration’s failure to veto the recent U. N. resolution criticizing Israeli settlements, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said, “I must express my deep disappointment with the speech today of John Kerry,” adding “Israelis do not need to be lectured of the importance of peace by foreign leaders.
GO True The Vote Supports Trump’s Claim on Illegal Voters.
GO True the Vote, an organization founded to stop voter fraud, has backed   Donald J. Trump’s statement Sunday that “millions of people” had voted illegally.
GO Marco Rubio: ‘We’re Going to Enforce Our Immigration Laws Guys’.
GO Sen. Marco Rubio took on   protesters who interrupted him during a presidential forum, telling them that the United States would continue to enforce their immigration laws in spite of their protests.
GO Kelli Ward: I’ll Support Trump in Appointing Conservative Justices.
GO Practicing physician Kelli Ward called on Arizonans to elect her to replace Sen. John McCain in the wake of Monday’s Supreme Court decision to overturn Texas’s abortion law, declaring that, unlike McCain, she will support a President Donald Trump in appointing conservative Justices.
GO Carswell and Hannan Freeze Out Farage, Say They WON’T Stop Immigration.
GO Tory establishment Vote Leave’s Douglas Carswell plans to try to freeze out UKIP leader Nigel Farage from the     negotiations, with Daniel Hannan stating that the official Leave campaign never promised British voters an end to uncontrolled immigration from the European Union (EU).
GO Donald Trump at Carrier: Companies Won’t Leave United States Without Consequences - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump visited the Carrier air conditioner factory in Indiana, praising the company decision to keep 1, 100 jobs in the United States, reversing their plans to move the jobs to Mexico.
GO Begala: Woman Who Kissed Trump at Caucus ’Could Be a Future Trophy Wife’ - Breitbart.
GO CNN Commentator and   super PAC advisor Paul Begala quipped that a woman who kissed GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump at a caucus site “Could be a future trophy wife” during the network’s coverage of the Iowa caucuses on Monday.
GO Ted Cruz Requests Private Meeting With Ben Carson - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson announced Sunday that rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) had apologized to him on Saturday evening for his campaign’s behavior in Iowa, and also asked to meet with him privately.
GO Citing ‘Differences,’ Paul Ryan Endorses Donald Trump For President - Breitbart.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan reveals that he will support presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump for president, although he cited differences with the controversial New Yorker’s policy proposals.
GO Hillary: Trump ’Literally’ Stalked Me Around The Debate Stage - Breitbart.
GO Friday on “Ellen,” Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was ” literally” stalking her at last Sunday’s presidential debate.
GO Richard Berman: China Is Taking Over America’s Film Industry - Breitbart.
GO Political expert Richard Berman appeared on Wednesday’s Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon to discuss the USA Today column in which he exposed Communist China’s infiltration of the American film industry.
GO Cokie Roberts: Trump Calling Hillary ’Unhinged’ Is ’Code for We Shouldn’t Elect a Woman’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” network commentator Cokie Roberts said when Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump attacks his opponent Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton as “unhinged,” it is code for “we shouldn’t elect a woman.
GO ’Minecraft’ Creator Declares Support for #FreeMilo - Breitbart.
GO Minecraft creator Markus “Notch” Persson took to Twitter in support of #FreeMilo after Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos was permanently suspended from the platform last night.
GO 2/3rds of Obama’s Gun Death Stats Are Suicides.
GO During his January 5 speech explaining “the fierce urgency of now” and the need for executive gun control to save the day, President Obama also admitted that two thirds of his scary gun death statistics are suicides.
GO WIBC’s Greg Garrison On Mike Flynn: ’I Will Miss Him Always’ - Breitbart.
GO Greg Garrison, a WIBC radio host in Indianapolis, was one of the earliest supporters of Breitbart News Network and a close friend of Mike Flynn.
GO Cologne Cathedral Square Turned Into "Security Zone" for Christmas.
GO The famous cathedral square in Cologne has been turned into a   security zone for Christmas with armed police and secure checkpoints aiming to prevent potential terror attacks.
GO Jordan’s King Abdullah to Blitzer: Not ’Fair’ To Ask a Foreign Leader About Trump During an Election - Breitbart.
GO Jordan’s King Abdullah II told anchor Wolf Blitzer that while his country is accepting refugees and they can’t be ignored, it wasn’t “fair” to ask a foreign leader his opinion on GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump in an interview broadcast on Wednesday’s “Situation Room” on CNN.
GO Seth MacFarlane Schooled on ’Automatic’ Weapons After Tweets About Orlando Terror - Breitbart.
GO As Americans mourned the terror attack that took the lives of 50 innocent people and left 53 more injured on Sunday, Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane mocked the idea of being armed for   and suggested it is time to “ban automatic weapons.
GO John Bolton: ’I’d Be in Jail Right Now" If I Did What Hillary Did.
GO Former UN Ambassador John Bolton told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon he would “be in jail right now” if he did what Hillary Clinton did, adding, he has seen people who handled much less sensitive information “prosecuted and not only their careers ruined, but put in jail for far less than this.
GO Ted Cruz on Supporting Donald Trump: ’Time Will Tell’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on Capitol Hill, CNN correspondent Manu Raju caught up with Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) a former candidate for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, and asked if he would be supporting his party’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump.
GO Cenk Uygur Claims Trump Team ’Jittery’ About Recount - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein initiating recounts of the presidential vote in the swing states of Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton supporting the effort, the host of the liberal online program “The Young Turks” Cenk Uygur said the Trump team seems “jittery” about the recount.
GO Three Refugees Diagnosed with Active TB in California - Breitbart.
GO Three refugees who arrived in California during 2014 were diagnosed with active tuberculosis (TB) at their initial domestic medical screening, according to the state’s Office of Refugee Health (ORH).
GO Top Clinton Foundation Staffer: Chelsea Used ’Foundation Resources for Her Wedding’ - Breitbart.
GO Former top Clinton Foundation staffer Doug Band wrote a letter to Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta warning him that a probe into Chelsea Clinton’s use of “foundation resources for her wedding and life for a decade” could hurt the entire organization, according to a Wikileaks email dump.
GO Scott Walker: Nominee at Brokered Convention Will Be Someone ’Not Currently Running’ - Breitbart.
GO Wisconsin governor Scott Walker said Thursday that in the event of a contested convention, the Republican nominee will likely be someone who is “not currently running.
GO Anderson Cooper: Hillary ’Shifting Positions To Get Closer To Bernie Sanders’ - Breitbart.
GO CNN anchor Anderson Cooper said that Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is “shifting her positions to get closer to [fellow candidate Senator] Bernie Sanders ( )” during CNN’s coverage of the Wisconsin primary on Tuesday.
GO Bono, Bon Jovi Attend Bill’s Final Clinton Global Initiative.
GO Rockers Bono, Jon Bon Jovi and Sting joined several other celebrities and Bill Clinton on Monday for what will be the former president’s final Clinton Global Initiative conference in New York City this week.
GO Marco Rubio Slams NSA Spying on Israel.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio released a new campaign ad slamming President Obama’s National Security Agency (NSA) for spying on Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu, even though he defended the practice in a private conversation behind the scenes.
GO Analysts: EU Referendum To Boost Populism Across Europe - Breitbart.
GO Morgan Stanley analysts have said whatever its result, the UK’s referendum will likely boost populism across Europe.
GO Buzzfeed Editor Ben Smith’s Dad: I’m a Conservative for Hillary! - Breitbart.
GO Buzzfeed editor Ben Smith’s father, a Republican judge, came out in support of Hillary Clinton from the Right in a post for Medium entitled “Why This   Is For Her.
GO Borelli: Why is Prominent Hillary Surrogate Tweeting Out Support for A Terrorist as Orlando Victims Lay Dying? - Breitbart.
GO New York City Councilman Joe Borelli tells Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow that, as terror victims were still bleeding and dying in Orlando, “prominent surrogate for Hillary Clinton   …      NYC Council Speaker Melissa   was tweeting her support for another terrorist, unrepentant bomber Oscar Lopez Rivera.
GO Sanders Agrees With Clinton - His Supporters Are Living in Their Parents Basement - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s State of the Union,” while discussing leaked audio of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton saying the supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) live in their parents basements, Sanders said, “Well, I agree with her,” adding the claim that he was making “false promises,” to them bothers him.
GO Tom Cotton Won’t Rule Out VP Slot on Trump Ticket - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Tom Cotton won’t rule out or “rule in” the possibility of joining presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump’s general election ticket as a candidate for Vice President, he reveals in a new interview.
GO Hillary Clinton Emerges from the Woods to Warn About ‘Threat’ of Fake News - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton appeared on Capitol Hill to warn the world about “fake news,” explaining that Americans learned of the “real world consequences” of it in 2016.
GO Clinton Foundation Gave $5,000 to Veterans Charities Last Year.
GO The Clinton Family Foundation only gave one $5, 000 contribution to a veterans’ group last year, according to tax returns provided to the Republican National Committee.
GO Ryan: Border Security Is Our Focus, Not Mass Deportations - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) said border security not mass deportations was going to be the focus of Republican legislators and   Trump.
GO Actor Jason Lee Confirms Exit from Scientology.
GO Actor Jason Lee has become the latest celebrity to confirm he is no longer practicing Scientology.
GO Tom Brokaw, Patient 2640: Cancer ‘Is the Most Pernicious Enemy That Medicine Has’ - Breitbart.
GO Former NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw, author of A Lucky Life Interrupted, the story of his personal journey dealing with a multiple myeloma diagnosis, told Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon that cancer “is the most pernicious enemy that medicine has.
GO Donald Trump Tweets: Ted Cruz ’Stole’ Iowa, Results Should Be ’Nullified’ - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump took to Twitter Wednesday morning to blast Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) saying he “didn’t win Iowa, he stole it” and that the results should be “nullified.
GO Peter King on Trump’s Carrier Deal: ’There Is a New Sheriff in Town’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on CNN’s “The Lead,” Rep. Peter King ( ) said   Donald Trump’s deal to keep roughly a 1, 000 manufacturing jobs in Indiana at the Carrier factory was “sending a signal that there is a new sheriff in town.
GO Conservative Icon Richard Viguerie Calls for Trump-Cruz Alliance - Breitbart.
GO Conservative icon Richard Viguerie, who endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz for President in December, is calling for an alliance between delegates supporting Cruz and Donald Trump to forestall efforts by GOP establishment party insiders to steal the nomination from one of the two   candidates.
GO Judge Jeanine Slams Philadelphia Mayor for Saying Islamic State Cop Shooter Does Not Represent Islam - Breitbart.
GO On the Saturday broadcast of “Justice” on Fox News Channel, host Judge Jeanine Pirro reacted to Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney saying the Muslim man who attempted to kill a Philadelphia police officer in the name of Islamic State does not represent the teachings of Islam.
GO Federal Court: Government Doesn’t Need a Warrant to Search Your PC - Breitbart.
GO A federal district court in Virginia handed out a controversial decision that held that the government didn’t need to seek a warrant to search a criminal defendant’s personal computer.
GO Maher on Emory Trump Flap: ’I So Badly Want To Dropkick These Kids’ - Breitbart.
GO HBO host Bill Maher reacted to the uproar by students at Emory University over   Trump chalk writings by stating, “I so badly want to dropkick these kids” on Friday’s “Real Time.
GO Donald Trump: I’ll Prosecute Hillary Clinton as President - Breitbart.
GO During an appearance with Fox News’s Sean Hannity in Las Vegas Monday night, Donald Trump said that his administration would prosecute Hillary Clinton.
GO Marlow in New York Magazine: Breitbart News Rises During Obama Years.
GO In an   for New York magazine’s retrospective series titled “8 Years in Obama’s America, By Barack Obama and 60 Other Players and Witnesses,” Breitbart    Alex Marlow explains Breitbart’s success in shaping the political debate by becoming “the home of conservative opinion” against the permanent political class in Washington.
GO Rand Paul: Most Companies Wouldn’t Hire Bill Clinton—’Threat’ to Young Women.
GO Sen. Rand Paul ( ) told Breitbart News exclusively on Tuesday that most American companies would not take the risk of hiring former President Bill Clinton in the wake of sexual assault and rape allegations from a litany of women including Paula Jones, Juanita Broaddrick, Gennifer Flowers, Kathleen Willey, and more.
GO Siraj Hashmi: As a Muslim, I Wonder If Trump Wants To Deport Me Or Send Me To An Internment Camp - Breitbart.
GO GVH Live Bureau Chief Siraj Hashmi said, “as a Muslim myself, I’m wondering whether Trump wants to either deport me first or send me to an interment camp” on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group.
GO GRAPHIC: 3 Priests Kidnapped and Murdered in Mexico Within Week.
GO Three priests with the Catholic Church have been kidnapped and murdered in Mexico in less than a week.
GO Swiss Imam Arrested After Calling for Death of Moderate Muslims.
GO The capital of Islamic radicalism in Switzerland has been struck a blow after authorities arrested a prominent imam for inciting violence toward moderate Muslims.
GO Slavoj Žižek Says He’d Vote Trump: Hillary ’Is the Real Danger’.
GO   philosopher and cultural theorist Slavoj Žižek said a Hillary Clinton presidency is a greater danger to the nation than a President Donald Trump.
GO Rob Reiner Says He Won’t Shoot in North Carolina Because of Anti-Trans Law - Breitbart.
GO Rob Reiner, who used to make some decent movies, including Stand by Me and The Princess Bride, has announced through the Human Rights Campaign, says he won’t shoot any movies in North Carolina and is urging his fellow filmmakers to make the same pledge.
GO FBI Notes: Clinton Routinely Breached Security And Diplomatic Protocol - Breitbart.
GO As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton routinely breached security and diplomatic protocol, according to an FBI interview with a professional who served on Clinton’s protective detail.
GO Report: Nicolas Cage Offered Role of Ronald Reagan in Biopic.
GO Nicolas Cage has been offered the role of Ronald Reagan in an upcoming   biopic about the former president’s life, according to a report.
GO ’Flash Mobs’ for Trump to Take Place Throughout Michigan - Breitbart.
GO A series of “flash mobs” for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will take place throughout Michigan August 30.
GO John Kerry Warns: Don’t Blame Religion for Orlando Terror Attack - Breitbart.
GO Secretary of State John Kerry tells Americans not to blame religion for the Orlando terrorist attack that killed 50 people and injured dozens more over the weekend.
GO Mumford and Sons to Donate Funds from North Carolina Show to ’Social Justice’ Charities - Breitbart.
GO British rock band Mumford and Sons is apparently making good on its pledge to donate all profits from its April 14th show in Charlotte, North Carolina, despite other artists boycotting the state over its law about transgender bathroom usage.
GO Carson on Harriet Tubman Replacing Andrew Jackson on the $20 Bill: ’We Can Find Another Way to Honor Her’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on Fox Business Network’s “Cavuto: Coast to Coast,” former GOP presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson weighed in on the Treasury Department’s decision to remove former President Andrew Jackson from the $20 bill for abolitionist Harriet Tubman.
GO Trump on Munich: Must ’Keep It from Our Shores’.
GO Republican nominee Donald Trump responded to the attack in Munich, Germany where at least nine people were killed in what officials say appears to be a terrorist attack.
GO Sen. Chuck Schumer Calls For ’Zika Czar’.
GO Senator Chuck Schumer ( ) is asking the White House to appoint a “Zika czar.
GO Rasmussen Poll: Donald Trump Leads Hillary Clinton by Two Points - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump surpasses Hillary Clinton in the latest Rasmussen tracking poll, which finds likely voters prefer Trump to Clinton, 43 percent to 41 percent.
GO Polls: Donald Trump Surging in Maine, Colorado - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is gaining ground in Colorado and Maine on Hillary Clinton, according to polls released on the eve of the first presidential debate.
GO Trump to Cruz: You Dodged a Question About Me Because ’People Back Down with Trump’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said fellow candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz avoided answering a question about him because “people back down with Trump” during Saturday’s Republican presidential debate on ABC.
GO Stephen A Smith: Kaepernick Bringing Attention to Fact that Black People Are Still Subject to a ’Racist Society’ - Breitbart.
GO Stephen A. Smith reacted Monday on ESPN2’s “First Take” to San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick sitting during the national anthem in order to protest the oppression of black people, and the ESPN host said Kaepernick is bringing attention to the fact that most   feel they are still living in a “racist society” today.
GO Fournier on Clinton Telling FBI She Can’t Remember: ’Come On,’ If Everyone Did What She Did, We Wouldn’t Have FOIA - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “MTP Daily,” National Journal Senior Political Columnist Ron Fournier stated that Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s email conduct is something that, if everyone had done it, prevent the use of the Freedom of Information Act and legislative oversight, and “US secrets would be jeopardized.
GO Priebus: Trump Will Change Many White House Press Traditions - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on the “Hugh Hewitt Show,” incoming White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said many White House press traditions will change under President Donald Trump.
GO Academy Hopes to Avoid Repeat of #OscarsSoWhite with Record 683 Member Invitations - Breitbart.
GO The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences invited a record 683 new members this year in an effort to increase the diversity of its membership and avoid a repeat of the #OscarsSoWhite controversy the organization has endured for the past two years.
GO Don Jr. Suggests Donald Trump / Donald Trump Ticket on Instagram - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump, Jr. GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s son, posted on Instagram a photo of him doing a “Joe Biden impersonation,” suggesting he could run as Trump’s vice president, with smiling and laughing emojis.
GO Report: 99 Percent of Pot and Meth Comes from Mexico.
GO Almost all of the marijuana and the methamphetamine that are seized in the U. S. are coming from Mexico, according to a new report.
GO Gary Johnson Calls For Space Colonization - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Libertarian presidential candidate and former governor of New Mexico Gary Johnson called for space colonization as an answer for global warming by saying, “the fact that we do have to inhabit other planets.
GO Hillary Clinton Ad Suggests Donald Trump Will Launch Nukes As President - Breitbart.
GO The latest ad from Hillary Clinton’s campaign suggests that, if elected, Donald Trump might launch nuclear weapons because he lacks the experience and temperament to be president.
GO Reports: Obama to Liberate Up to 24 Prisoners From Guantánamo.
GO The Obama administration is secretly preparing to transfer up to 24 prisoners out of the U. S. military detention center Guantánamo Bay in Cuba by the end of the summer, the Guardian and Fox News report, citing unnamed sources.
GO White House: Obama Does Not Agree With Eric Holder On Edward Snowden - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama does not agree with his former Attorney General Eric Holder, who said Edward Snowden had provided a “public service” by revealing government surveillance secrets to the world.
GO Joe Biden: Hillary Clinton Should ‘Take Six Days Off’ the Campaign Trail - Breitbart.
GO Vice President Joe Biden advised Hillary Clinton to take some time off, after being diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday and publicly collapsing in New York City on Sunday.
GO Juan Williams: Clinton Foundation Structure ’Sets Off Alarms,’ Invites ’Suspicion’ - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” while discussing the    accusations between   Clinton’s State Department and her family’s organization the Clinton Foundation, Fox News political analyst Juan Williams said that “it sets off alarms in my mind as a journalist,” adding the structure of the foundation seems to “invite suspicion.
GO Rohrabacher on Bolton: ’We Could Be the Dynamic Duo’ at State Department.
GO California Rep. Dana Rohrabacher discussed with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam Thursday the possibility of a “dynamic duo” of himself and former United Nations Ambassador John Bolton at the State Department if both are appointed in some capacity by   Donald Trump.
GO EXCLUSIVE–Linda Tripp: ‘Bill Had Affairs with Thousands of Women’ - Breitbart.
GO In a rare interview, Linda Tripp, a pivotal figure in the Monica Lewinsky scandal, revealed on Sunday it was common knowledge while she worked in the West Wing that Bill Clinton had affairs with “thousands of women.
GO The Hill: ‘Media Tripling Down on Blatant Anti-Trump Sentiment’.
GO The Hill’s Joe Concha reports on the media’s reaction to the election of Donald Trump, noting that journalists are now “tripling down on blatant   sentiment.
GO Hungary: Trump Will Be Good for Europe And The World.
GO Hungary’s foreign minister has praised   Donald J. Trump and called for “normalised relations” with Russia, while calling for a brake on mass migration saying that illegal migration is a “danger” to Europe.
GO Official: Turn South China Sea Island into Cayman Islands-Style Bank.
GO China’s chess game to seize control of the South China Sea may take an interesting turn if an influential businessman’s suggestion is followed and Beijing turns one of the disputed islands into its very own Cayman   offshore bank.
GO WATCH: Milo Yiannopoulos Challenges Mark Zuckerberg To A Debate.
GO Following reports that Facebook routinely censors popular conservative news stories and artificially promotes progressive causes like Black Lives Matter on its “Trending News” feature, Breitbart technology editor Milo Yiannopoulos is today challenging Mark Zuckerberg to a live debate.
GO Breitbart Editor: ’Ridiculous’ To Call Horowitz Headline Antisemitic - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart News    and Breitbart California Editor Joel Pollak told attorney and   Indianapolis radio host Greg Garrison on Tuesday that accusations of antisemitism against activist David Horowitz and Breitbart itself were “ridiculous.
GO Report: Trump Will Encourage Foreign Governments to Investigate Clinton Foundation - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump’s administration will encourage foreign governments to investigate the Clinton Foundation’s finances, according to a source close to the transition team.
GO The Hill: ‘Republican Voters Coming Home to Trump’.
GO Niall Stanage and Jonathan Swan report in The Hill that “Republican voters are finally coming home to Donald Trump after months of flagging support threatened to put the White House out of reach.
GO Pat Caddell: Election ’Headed Toward Armageddon’.
GO Pat Caddell talked to Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow Thursday about election developments.
GO Donald Trump Calls For Boycott of Apple if It Doesn’t Help FBI - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is calling for a boycott of Apple if the company doesn’t comply with the FBI investigation into the San Bernardino terrorist attack.
GO NAACP: ’Many Black People Who Become Police Officers Become Blue, not Black’ - Breitbart.
GO The aftermath of the   shooting of a black suspect shot by a black police officer in Charlotte, North Carolina continues to reverberate and now the NAACP has jumped into the fray to insist that African Americans who become police officers are no longer black.
GO Internet ’Troll’ Jailed for Allegedly Repeatedly Threatening Judge Online - Breitbart.
GO Babak Taherzadeh is being branded as an internet “troll” after he was jailed in June for repeatedly threatening people, including a judge and his family, and ignored court orders to stay off of social media.
GO Donald Trump: Run Marco Run! (For Senate) - Breitbart.
GO After Sen. Marco Rubio pledged his allegiance to Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee returned the favor by urging his opponent who he derides as “Little Marco” to change his mind about giving up his Senate seat.
GO Obama Threatens United Kingdom over Trade If It Leaves European Union - Breitbart.
GO President Obama warned the United Kingdom that it would face consequences on trade if leaves the European Union, saying the country would be in the “back of the queue” when it came to future trade agreements.
GO Obama: ’Secret’ Who I Voted for in Democratic Primary - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama declined to say whether he voted for Hillary Clinton or Sen. Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary in Illinois.
GO White House Defends Colin Kaepernick’s Right to Sit During National Anthem.
GO President Barack Obama has not weighed in on the Colin Kaepernick controversial decision to sit during the national anthem, but the White House defended the NFL quarterback’s right to do so.
GO Chris Christie: Marco Rubio ‘Acts as If He’s Deaf’ - Breitbart.
GO New Jersey Governor Chris Christie attacked Sen. Marco Rubio Friday morning, asserting that the Florida senator was ignoring his record in hopes that voters would forget his controversial immigration reform effort.
GO Jeb Bush Bets $20 Donald Trump Will Show Up For Iowa Debate - Breitbart.
GO Jeb Bush is mocking GOP rival Donald Trump for his decision to skip Thursday night’s debate in Iowa, and said he made a bet of $20 that the frontrunner will show up after all.
GO World’s Largest Renewable Energy Firm May Go Bankrupt - Breitbart.
GO SunEdison, the world’s largest renewable energies firm, saw its stock plummet 40 percent on Tuesday over concerns that the firm may go bankrupt.
GO If the California Primary Were Held Today - Breitbart.
GO If the California primary were held today, Donald Trump would win 94 of the state’s 172 delegates, while Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) would win 72, and Ohio governor John Kasich would win 6, according to Breitbart California analysis.
GO Ted Cruz: ’There Will Be Pitchforks and Torches in the Streets’ if the GOP Doesn’t Deliver - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said Sunday that “there will be pitchforks and torches in the street” if the Republican Party doesn’t deliver on its promises to voters.
GO Michigan Poll Shows Opposition to Increase in Refugees Powering Trump Surge - Breitbart.
GO The latest polls of Michigan voters shows that widespread opposition to an increase in refugees in the state is a key factor in a surge for Donald Trump that now has him in a virtual tie with Hillary Clinton.
GO FBI: February Was 10th Consecutive Month of Record Background Checks - Breitbart.
GO FBI figures show that February 2016 was the tenth consecutive month of record background checks for retail gun sales in the U. S.[In fact, the figures who that February 2016 was the third highest month ever for background checks in a single month since the law requiring them took effect in 1998.
GO PICTURES: Knights Fight In London As England Celebrates St George’s Day.
GO Men dressed as Medieval knights and competed in the middle of London as part of a resurgence in popular English St George’s Day celebrations.
GO CNN’s Sally Kohn: I’m Happy Free Speech Is Under Assault on Campuses - Breitbart.
GO At a free speech symposium at the University of Missouri, CNN commentator Sally Kohn argued that   speech conservatives are really just afraid of the increasing desire for multiculturalism on college campuses.
GO Levin: ’I Am Not Voting for Donald Trump,’ ’Count Me As Never Trump’ - Breitbart.
GO Talk radio host Mark Levin, who has endorsed Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz, declared, “I am not voting for Donald Trump.
GO Colorado Judge Rules Against ’Faithless’ Electors Seeking to Block Trump Presidency - Breitbart.
GO Denver, Colorado District Judge Elizabeth Starrs has ruled against the state’s “faithless” electors who sought to defy the voters’ will by using Electoral Votes for Hillary Clinton to prevent   Donald Trump from ascending to the White House.
GO Sheriff: MS-13 Gang Brings Machetes, Rape, Scalping to Texas.
GO Members of the     transnational criminal gang are bringing severe tactics like   murders, rape, and scalping to Texas according to the Texas Sheriff’s Association.
GO Mike Pence Meets with House Republican Conference, Shares Transition Updates - Breitbart.
GO Vice   Mike Pence met with the House Republican Conference to express a wish for unity so that Congress can work together with the Trump Administration.
GO Cruz: I Never Had a Canadian Passport - This Is a Silly Side Show - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on CNN’s “New Day,” when asked about questions about his eligibility to run for president because he was born in Canada, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) declared it to be a ” silly side show” and claimed he has never had a Canadian passport.
GO WATCH: Sean Hannity Video Contrasts Obama’s Praise of Islam with His Criticism of Christianity - Breitbart.
GO In an interview with Breitbart National Security Editor Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Fox News host Sean Hannity showed a video compilation of President Obama’s staunch defense and praise of Islam over the years contrasted with his critical comments about Christianity.
GO Remain Campaigners Rush To Blame Brexit For MP Attack - Breitbart.
GO Remain campaign supporters are rushing to blame Brexit backers for today’s horrific attack on Labour MP Jo Cox.
GO Rangel: GOP ’a Party That Has the Ku Klux Klan’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” Rep. Charlie Rangel ( ) accused Republicans of being “a party that has the Ku Klux Klan.
GO Jill Stein Sues Wisconsin for Refusing Full Hand Recount of Election - Breitbart.
GO When she filed her challenge to Wisconsin’s election results, failed Green Party candidate Jill Stein apparently assumed that the recount of votes would be done by hand.
GO Mark Steyn Backs #DumpKelloggs: Kellogg’s ‘Real Target’ Is Trump and His Supporters, Not Breitbart.
GO Author and radio host Mark Steyn offers support to Breitbart’s #DumpKelloggs boycott in his latest column, noting the danger posed to free speech and culture when corporations increasingly politicize every issue by siding with the left in order to silence or   the left’s political opponents, which Steyn writes is the real aim of Kellogg’s actions.
GO CNN’s Tapper: Hillary Keeps Feeding The Narrative Rules Don’t Apply To Her - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on CNN’s “The Lead,” while commenting on reports about new email exchanges raising questions about whether Clinton Foundation donors got preferential treatment from Hillary Clinton’s State Department, host Jake Tapper said the story did “feed into the narrative out there that the Clintons in general don’t think that the rules apply to them.
GO Texas Rep. Joaquin Castro Considering Run Against Ted Cruz.
GO U. S. Congressman Joaquin Castro ( ) has announced that he is considering a run against Texas Senator Ted Cruz ( ).
GO Nehlen on ’Angel Moms’ Ad: Speaker Ryan Left Them ’In the Dust’ - Breitbart.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan’s challenger for his seat in the U. S. House of Representatives Paul Nehlen said Thursday on Fox Business Network’s “Lou Dobbs Tonight” that the “Angel Moms” tried to present Ryan with a letter outside of his mansion only to for him to be whisked away, leaving them in the dust.
GO Ted Cruz: ‘Of Course’ I Would Fire Trump Campaign Manager - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz says he would fire Corey Lewandowski over the allegations that he assaulted a female reporter if Lewandowski was Cruz’s campaign manager.
GO Kaine: I Wouldn’t Have Used The Word Irredeemable When Describing Trump Supporters - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” when asked about Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton describing Republican nominee Donald Trump’s supporters as irredeemable and deplorable, Democratic   nominee Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) said he would not have used that word.
GO Condoleezza Rice ’Not Interested in Being Vice President’.
GO Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is not interested in serving as presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump’s vice president.
GO Richard Armitage Plans to Vote for Hillary Clinton - Breitbart.
GO President George W. Bush’s Secretary of State Richard Armitage plans to vote for Hillary Clinton instead of the presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump.
GO Now You Can Change Gender on Your Passport Without Medical Evidence.
GO Transgender people will no longer be required to produce medical evidence in order to change their gender on their passport, the government has announced.
GO EXCLUSIVE-’Unbelievable’ and a ’Real Disservice’ Lester Holt Didn’t Ask About Clinton Foundation - Breitbart.
GO The Republican National Committee’s Communications Director Sean Spicer tells Breitbart News it’s “unbelievable” and a “real disservice” that presidential debate moderator Lester Holt didn’t ask Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton about the Clinton Foundation’s alleged    scheme with the Department of State during Clinton’s time as secretary of state.
GO NRA-Backed Program Cut Crime in Tim Kaine’s Richmond, Virginia.
GO National Rifle   (NRA) Project Exile was implemented and drastically cut crime during Tim Kaine’s tenure as mayor of Richmond, Virginia.
GO Donald Trump: ’Good Job, Huma. Thank you, Anthony Weiner’ - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump thanked Hillary Clinton’s top aide Huma Abedin and her estranged husband, disgraced former lawmaker Anthony Weiner, during his campaign rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
GO At Least One Wounded in Shooting at Will Rogers Airport - Breitbart.
GO One person was critically wounded during a shooting at Will Rogers Airport in Oklahoma City Tuesday afternoon and officials are trying to locate a second victim who may have been wounded as well.
GO Andie MacDowell Complains She Was Bumped to ’Tourist’ Class on Flight - Breitbart.
GO Actress Andie MacDowell riled up social media over the weekend when she took to Twitter to complain that she had been bumped from her flight’s   cabin and was made to sit in “tourist” class.
GO Clift: GOP ’War on Science’ Was 2015’s Most Under-Reported Story - Breitbart.
GO The Daily Beast’s Eleanor Clift argued the Republican “war on science” was 2015’s most   story on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group.
GO Ted Cruz Calls Trump to 2-Man Debate Going into Town Hall - Breitbart.
GO 2016 Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz is marching on with a challenge to frontrunner Donald Trump, suggesting that Tuesday’s scheduled CNN town hall could become a debate between the two.
GO Meryl Streep Joins Michelle Obama for Ramadan Feast in Morocco - Breitbart.
GO Actress Meryl Streep and First Lady Michelle Obama joined Princess Lalla Salma in Morocco on Tuesday night for a traditional dinner to break the fast of Ramadan, after the three spent the afternoon speaking with local high school girls about the importance of female education and empowerment.
GO Emerson Poll: Donald Trump Gets 2-Point National Lead, 4-Point Lead in Colorado - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump has jumped into a   lead over Hillary Clinton, according to a new national poll of 800 likely voters by Emerson College.
GO Tennessee Police Officer Run Down, Killed by Fleeing Shooting Suspect.
GO A police officer in Memphis, Tennessee, was run down and killed by a shooting suspect fleeing the scene that left three others wounded.
GO Watch Live: Donald Trump in Scranton, PA - Breitbart.
GO Monday, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will speak in Scranton, PA at the Lackawanna College Student Union at 5:30 p. m. ET.
GO Rick Perry’s wife explains 2012 flameout.
GO Round Top, Texas (CNN) When Rick Perry launched his haphazard 2012 presidential bid, no one was more influential in encouraging him to take the plunge than his wife, Anita Perry.
GO Huckabee: I wish I could’ve ID’d as female in HS gym.
GO Washington (CNN) Mike Huckabee says there’s a time he wishes he could’ve been transgender: When it was time to hit the high school showers.
GO South Korea MERS outbreak grows as 1,369 in quarantine.
GO Hong Kong (CNN) The World Health Organization warned that the MERS outbreak in South Korea is likely to grow, as the number of people under quarantine crept up to 1, 369 on Wednesday.
GO Look at me! 23 selfies of the week.
GO Take a look at 23 selfies of the week from May 27 through June 2.
GO Pentagon may have received shipment of live anthrax.
GO Washington (CNN) The Pentagon is now investigating whether live anthrax was brought into the Pentagon building itself, CNN has learned exclusively.
GO Experts: China might be building database of federal worker info.
GO Washington (CNN) The massive hack that may have stolen the personal information of four million federal employees appears designed to build a vast database in what could be preparation for future attacks by China against the U. S. cybersecurity experts advising the government told CNN Friday afternoon.
GO Iraq: ISIS fighters close Ramadi dam gates.
GO Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) ISIS has closed off a dam to the north of the Iraqi city of Ramadi    seized by its forces last month    cutting water supplies to   towns downstream and making it easier for its fighters to attack forces loyal to Baghdad, local officials and residents said.
GO Ted Cruz apologizes for Biden joke.
GO Washington (CNN) Republican presidential contender Sen. Ted Cruz apologized for an   joke about Vice President Joe Biden Wednesday night.
GO The rarely seen Audrey Hepburn.
GO Rarely seen photographs of late actress Audrey Hepburn will go on display next month at the National Portrait Gallery in London.
GO Chafee: Go bold, go metric.
GO Washington (CNN) Lincoln Chafee launched his Democratic presidential bid Wednesday on a platform of what he called ”bold” ideas, but few are as bold as his proposal to switch to the metric system.
GO Bush to announce candidacy June 15.
GO Washington (CNN) Jeb Bush will officially announce he is running for president on June 15, formalizing his high profile campaign that has been ramping up all year amid a growing 2016 Republican field seeking the nomination.
GO Hypersonic aircraft to go 5 times the speed of sound.
GO Washington (CNN) The U. S. Air Force aims to develop an unmanned flying weapon by 2023 that would travel at least five times the speed of sound and might transform the nature of warfare.
GO Korean Air Force member at U.S. base has MERS.
GO Seoul (CNN) A Korean Air Force member stationed at a U. S. air base in South Korea tested positive for MERS earlier this week and remains in isolation at a military hospital on the base, a Korean Department of Defense official said.
GO Ron Paul’s apocalypse is now.
GO Washington (CNN) Just days after Rand Paul’s presidential campaign launched in early April, his father, Ron Paul, delivered a dire message to anyone who would listen: economic collapse was nigh.
GO Treasury chief Jack Lew booed at Jerusalem Post event.
GO Washington (CNN) The strained relationship between Israel and the U. S. was on display this weekend as Treasury Secretary Jack Lew was reportedly booed at a Jerusalem Post conference in New York.
GO Official: Father in D.C. mansion murders strangled.
GO Washington (CNN) The father in the quadruple homicide at a D. C. mansion last month was strangled in addition to being beaten, stabbed and burned, a law enforcement official tells CNN.
GO Carson: Gay rights aren’t the same as civil rights.
GO Washington (CNN) Ben Carson said Wednesday night that he was ”irritated” by the comparison between the fight for   marriage rights and the Civil Rights Movement because there’s no overt segregation against gays.
GO White House OKs up to 450 additional troops in Iraq.
GO Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama’s administration is planning to train Sunni tribes’ fighters as part of its move to send up to 450 additional U. S. forces to Iraq, the White House said Wednesday.
GO U.S., Russian aircraft came within 10 feet.
GO Washington (CNN) A Russian fighter jet, flying at high speed, came within 10 feet of a U. S. Air Force reconnaissance aircraft in international airspace over the Black Sea late last month, several U. S. officials told CNN Thursday.
GO Mark Kirk: Lindsey Graham is a ’bro with no ho’.
GO Washington (CNN) Sen. Mark Kirk said fellow Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham is a ”bro with no ho.” While his remarks were perhaps less than diplomatic, however, they were no big deal to one of Graham’s presidential primary opponents.
GO Jeb Bush hints at what kind of candidate he’ll be.
GO Tallinn, Estonia (CNN) Two days ahead of the official start to his presidential campaign, Jeb Bush told reporters here Saturday that he’ll try to persuade voters by being authentic.
GO North Korean soldier defects across border, South says.
GO Seoul, South Korea (CNN) A North Korean soldier defected to South Korea on Monday across the heavily fortified border that separates the two countries, South Korean authorities said.
GO Jeb Bush interrupted by immigration protesters.
GO Washington (CNN) Jeb Bush didn’t plan to talk about immigration at all when announcing his presidential run    until protesters made him.
GO Oops ... Scalia mangles Ginsburg’s name.
GO Washington (CNN) A brief burst of humor broke the starchy formality of the Supreme Court on Monday as Justice Antonin Scalia mangled the name of his friend and colleague Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
GO Jeb Bush aims to define himself.
GO Miami (CNN) Jeb Bush is a compassionate conservative who cares about education, the economy, domestic violence and helping people with disabilities.
GO Escaped zoo tiger kills man in Tbilisi, Georgia.
GO Tbilisi, Georgia (CNN) Police have shot and killed a white tiger that killed a man Wednesday in Tbilisi, Georgia, a Ministry of Internal Affairs representative said, after severe flooding allowed hundreds of wild animals to escape the city zoo.
GO Look at me! 26 selfies of the week.
GO Take a look at 26 selfies of the week from June 9 through June 16.
GO Andrew Getty died of intestinal hemorrhage, meth use.
GO Los Angeles (CNN) Andrew Getty, grandson of oil tycoon J. Paul Getty and an heir to his fortune, died of an intestinal hemorrhage and acute methamphetamine intoxication, among other factors, the Los Angeles County coroner’s office said Wednesday.
GO How to drink like an American.
GO Washington (CNN) There are few things Americans have both loved and fought about more than alcohol.
GO Ford just invested $1 billion in a secretive AI startup founded by former Google and Uber execs.
GO ’’ ’Ford is investing $1 billion in a secretive artificial intelligence startup headed by former Google and Uber execs to advance its   car efforts.’ ”The startup, Argo AI, was founded by Bryan Salesky, the former director of hardware for Google’s    efforts, and Peter Rander, Uber’s engineering lead at its autonomous cars center.” ’Argo AI is based in Pittsburgh, Penn.
GO Few Americans think world leaders respect Trump.
GO ’   When President George W. Bush took office in 2001, half of   Americans thought world leaders respected him.
GO Delta Air Lines just gave employees another $1 billion reward.
GO ’’ ”Delta Air Lines announced on Tuesday that the company’s 85, 000 employees will receive $1.
GO The top 12 rumors we’re hearing about Apple’s next iPhone.
GO ’Even   iPhone fans have to admit that the AMOLED displays on other phones, particularly those from Samsung, look better than the LCD screens on iPhones.’ ”But if the rumors are true, iPhone fans may no longer need to make that admission, as Apple is reportedly looking to use a form of OLED display on the next iPhone.
GO Public policy expert: Trump’s claim that drugs are cheaper than candy bars isn’t ’entirely untrue’.
GO ”Public policy expert Mark Kleiman explains why President Trump’s claim that drugs are cheaper than candy bars isn’t so far off.” ’Follow Tech Insider:’ ’FULL TRANSCRIPT: ’ ’’ ’’
GO Al Gore just sold $29 million of Apple stock.
GO ’’ ’Former US Vice President Al Gore sold ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ”Gore serves as a member of Apple’s board of directors.
GO Bernie Sanders taunts Trump with photos of inauguration crowd after Trump says a rally of his voters would be the ’biggest’.
GO ’   Sen. Bernie Sanders responded to President Donald Trump’’s claim   that a rally with his voters would be the ”biggest ever” with   photos of his inauguration crowd.
GO Yahoo’s board is not paying Marissa Mayer her 2016 bonus because of the hacking incidents.
GO ’’ ”Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer will not be paid her 2016 bonus, worth as much as $2 million, following the results of an internal investigation into the company’s handling of massive hack attacks that affected more than one billion of its users.” ’Yahoo General Counsel Ronald Bell is also resigning, the company said on Wednesday.
GO Your internet speeds will be insanely fast when 5G arrives.
GO ”When the 5G wireless standard hits the mainstream, our home internet speeds have the potential to be so fast that we’ll be downloading 4K movies, games, software, and any other large form of content at a fraction of the time we’re used to.” ’’ ’’ ”At Mobile World Congress this year, Samsung showcased its 5G Home Routers, which achieved speeds of up to 4    (Gbps) according to .
GO Uber’s top AI executive is the latest to step aside after four months with the company.
GO ’   Gary Marcus, the   hire that was in charge of   Uber’’s AI Labs, is stepping down from his position at the   company after a short four months.
GO Alphabet’s crazy balloon experiment has a new CEO after the last one only lasted 6 months.
GO ’’ ”Project Loon, the     balloon subsidiary of Alphabet’s X   skunkworks, has a new CEO after the previous one only lasted about six months, .” ’Alastair Westgarth, formerly the CEO of wireless antennae company Quintel, will be the CEO of Project Loon.
GO Soledad O’Brien: Donald Trump coverage has normalized white supremacy in America.
GO   Appearing on CNN, former anchor Soledad O’Brien appeared to criticize the network and other news outlets for normalizing white supremacy through their coverage of Donald Trump.
GO Vox Sentences: In which nobody, really, knows what is Aleppo.
GO   Vox Sentences is your daily digest for what’s happening in the world, curated by Dara Lind and Dylan Matthews.
GO Shakespeare’s first four folios sell at auction for almost £2.5m.
GO Copies of William Shakespeare’s first four books, dubbed the “Holy Grail of publishing” have sold for almost £2.
GO My grandmother’s death saved me from a life of debt.
GO Debt: $20, 000, Source: College, credit cards, Estimated time till debt free: Unclear, From a purely financial standpoint, my grandmother’s death is probably the best thing that has happened to me in my adult life.
GO Texas man serving life sentence innocent of double murder, judge says.
GO A central Texas man serving a life sentence for a double murder in 1992 is innocent, as are three codefendants no longer in prison, a state judge has found.
GO Flatmates of gay Syrian refugee beheaded in Turkey fear they will be next.
GO Three flatmates of a gay Syrian refugee beheaded in a homophobic attack in Turkey last week fear they face a similar fate, after receiving death threats in the days since his murder.
GO NSA contractor arrested for alleged theft of top secret classified information.
GO The FBI has arrested a National Security Agency contractor on suspicion of the theft of top secret classified data and documents in an alleged security breach at the same intelligence agency whose spy secrets were exposed by Edward Snowden.
GO Golden State Warriors beat Oklahoma City Thunder to return to NBA finals.
GO The Golden State Warriors came from behind to topple the Oklahoma City Thunder   in Monday’s Game 7 of the Western Conference finals, completing a rally from a   series deficit to seal a place in the NBA finals for the second year in a row.
GO Twitter to conclude sale negotiations this month, sources say.
GO Twitter has told potential acquirers it is seeking to conclude negotiations about a sale by the time it reports   earnings on 27 October, according to people familiar with the matter.
GO American Crime Story season three to tackle Gianni Versace murder.
GO American Crime Story has been renewed for a third season set to focus on the murder of fashion designer Gianni Versace.
GO Buddy Ryan, NFL coach and defensive mastermind, dies at 82.
GO Buddy Ryan, the pugnacious coach who masterminded two fierce defenses that won Super Bowl titles and whose twin sons are   NFL coaches, died Tuesday.
GO Rolling Stone ’Jackie’ trial: university administrator awarded $3m for defamation.
GO Jurors have awarded a University of Virginia administrator $3m for her portrayal in a   Rolling Stone magazine article about the school’s handling of a brutal gang rape a fraternity house.
GO Chicago man killed while live streaming video on Facebook Live.
GO A Chicago man was shot and killed while live streaming a video on Facebook, police said on Friday, just days after a double homicide in France in which the killer later took to Facebook Live to encourage more violence.
GO Samantha Bee meets Glenn Beck: ’It’s all of us against Trumpism’.
GO Samantha Bee and Glenn Beck sat down to discuss the Trump tenure, with the former rightwing Fox host admitting he had made mistakes and that he didn’t want to do any more damage.
GO Wreckage of Captain James Cook’s ship Endeavour found, researchers say.
GO Researchers said they believe they have located the wreckage of the Endeavour, a ship sailed by the famous British explorer James Cook, which was sunk off the US during the revolutionary war.
GO Longtime matchmaker Joe Silva reportedly retiring after sale of UFC.
GO In a development that might significantly affect the Ultimate Fighting Championship going forward, the organization’s top matchmaker Joe Silva is reportedly retiring.
GO Daily Mail lawsuit is a message from Trump: stay away from my family.
GO The lawsuit filed by the wife of Donald Trump against the Daily Mail is a message to the media from her husband “to stay away from my family, particularly Melania” his biographer has said.
GO Controversial British designer behind planned $150m New York sculpture.
GO A controversial British designer is behind an audacious $150m public art structure nicknamed the Stairway to Nowhere planned for a new   dollar commercial development on New York City’s west side.
GO The Fourth of July: how to celebrate in your 20s and 30s.
GO The Fourth of July used to be one of my favorite holidays, but the significance of the day has changed since the halcyon days of slip’n’slides and flat soda pop.
GO Larry King got $225,000 to interview Ukraine PM, says politician.
GO The TV host Larry King accepted $225, 000 (£173, 000) to interview Ukraine’s   prime minister, according to a politician investigating a “black ledger” detailing alleged secret payments to the US from Ukraine’s former ruling party.
GO The Voice: five things we learned from the season 11 preview.
GO After NBC’s coverage of the Olympic closing ceremony from Rio, viewers were treated to an additional heaping helping of musical numbers and awkward commentary thanks to a preview of the upcoming season of the talent search stalwart with those revolving chairs aka The Voice.
GO Zsa Zsa Gabor dies aged 99.
GO The actor and celebrity Zsa Zsa Gabor has died aged 99.
GO If Berlusconi is like Trump, what can America learn from Italy?.
GO Among the political figures who congratulated Donald Trump on his surprise election victory was the politician to whom the billionaire real estate mogul and reality television star has most often been compared: Silvio Berlusconi.
GO Barbara Gibb, mother of the Bee Gees, dies aged 95.
GO Barbara Gibb, the mother of the three Gibb brothers who became pop band the Bee Gees, has died at the age of 95.
GO Architect, 52, falls to death from New York skyscraper.
GO Authorities are investigating the death of an architect who fell after apparently becoming dizzy while working on the roof of a New York skyscraper.
GO Jon Jones stripped of UFC title after one-year doping ban upheld.
GO Jon Jones has been stripped of the UFC interim light heavyweight championship after an arbitration panel denied his appeal of a positive test and upheld a doping ban that will run through July.
GO Dominican woman jailed as a man in Miami prison files $5m lawsuit.
GO A Dominican woman who says she was wrongly classified as a man and held with male inmates for 10 hours in a Miami prison has filed a US federal lawsuit alleging negligence and civil rights violations.
GO Chris Evans quits BBC Top Gear after just one series.
GO Chris Evans has quit Top Gear after just one series in charge of the BBC2 motoring show amid falling ratings, unrelenting newspaper criticism and a breakdown of his relationship with   Matt LeBlanc.
GO Russia’s athletes escape blanket IOC ban for Rio Olympic Games.
GO The International Olympic Committee faces an unprecedented backlash from   groups and athletes after it decided not to impose a blanket ban on the Russian team competing in next’s month’s Rio Games.
GO Pride and Prejudice and Zombies author sued by publisher.
GO Pride and Prejudice and Zombies author Seth   is being sued by his publisher for delivering a manuscript that Hachette claims is “an appropriation of a      work”.
GO Refugees on Nauru and Manus Island may be resettled in US.
GO The Turnbull government has given its strongest signal yet that a deal is in the wind with the United States to settle 1, 800 refugees from Nauru and Manus Island.
GO Texas A&M confirms white nationalist Richard Spencer to speak at university.
GO , Texas AM University has confirmed that Richard Spencer, a prominent figure in the white nationalist “ ” movement, will be allowed to speak at the university, despite protests against his appearance.
GO Hillary Clinton blames Comey letters for election defeat, reports say.
GO Hillary Clinton has reportedly blamed two letters to Congress by FBI director James Comey for her defeat by Donald Trump in the US presidential election.
GO Puerto Rico debt relief bill expected to pass US Senate.
GO A rescue package for   Puerto Rico is likely to clear the final hurdle this week after the bill passed a test vote in the US Senate on Wednesday, by 68 votes to 32.
GO Benjamin Patterson: the Fluxus artist who composed with ants.
GO Benjamin Patterson was there at the very beginning of Fluxus, performing his own composition at the first concert   by George Maciunas in Germany, in 1962.
GO Donald Trump will violate the US constitution on inauguration day.
GO When Donald Trump swears at the inauguration that he will “faithfully execute the office of president of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the constitution of the United States” he will be committing a violation of constitutional magnitude.
GO What kind of president will Trump be? His erratic transition keeps us guessing.
GO Fresh from his Thanksgiving Florida break, Donald Trump is due to finalise his cabinet in the coming days in an unconventional presidential transition that has kept supporters and critics alike in suspense as to the true nature of his administration.
GO Donald Trump to remain executive producer of Celebrity Apprentice.
GO Donald Trump will not give up his role as an executive producer of The Celebrity Apprentice, the reality TV show’s studio said on Thursday, confirming a continuing business entanglement of the   but not its details.
GO Obama’s veto of 9/11 bill aimed at Saudi Arabia sets up standoff with Congress.
GO Setting up a potential override by Congress, Barack Obama vetoed a bill Friday that would have allowed the families of   victims to sue the government of Saudi Arabia.
GO Samantha Bee takes down Trump claims: ’Massive voter fraud is a lie’.
GO Samantha Bee has taken on Donald Trump’s continued claims that voter fraud affected last month’s elections, calling them “big lies”.
GO Republican-authored voting laws in Wisconsin and Kansas overturned.
GO On a day that began with a major ruling against Republican voting laws in North Carolina, a federal judge in Wisconsin issued a sweeping ruling that declared a number of   election laws in that state unconstitutional.
GO Bolivia’s president Evo Morales to run again despite referendum ruling it out.
GO Bolivia’s president Evo Morales is to run for a fourth term in office after his ruling party proclaimed him its candidate in 2019 elections, defying the results of a February referendum.
GO Reince Priebus on Trump campaign hires: ’I go with the flow’.
GO Channelling Lao Tzu, Glenn Frey and Jeffrey “the Dude” Lebowski, Republican national committee chairman Reince Priebus said on Sunday that when it came to personnel issues with the Donald Trump campaign, “I go with the flow.
GO Uber’s ’ghost drivers’ scaring passengers out of rides and money.
GO China has a   “ghost driver” problem, with Uber passengers being scammed out of rides and money, fearful of being picked up by what looks like a zombie.
GO Kim Jong-un placed on sanctions blacklist for the first time by US.
GO The United States has placed North Korean leader Kim   on its sanctions blacklist for the first time, saying he was directly responsible for a long list of serious human rights abuses.
GO Wisconsin governor activates national guard after night of protests in Milwaukee.
GO Milwaukee’s police chief identified the man whose killing by an officer prompted protests, clashes with police and arson on Saturday night, as the state’s governor activated the national guard for fear of more unrest.
GO Why I stand in solidarity with the Dakota pipeline protesters.
GO I’ve been drawn to the protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation since shortly after they started.
GO Kayla Mueller abduction: MSF withheld key information from us, parents say.
GO The humanitarian organization Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) withheld vital information from the family of the Islamic State hostage Kayla Mueller for almost two months, her parents said in an interview broadcast on Friday.
GO Ricky Harris, Heat actor and comedian, dies aged 54.
GO The actor and comedian Ricky Harris, who made a name for himself as a standup comedian in the 90s and onscreen in films such as Michael Mann’s heist classic Heat, has died aged 54.
GO The moment my marriage was over: ’I had no idea I was living with a drug dealer’.
GO In this new series, anonymous writers share the most painful moment of their marriage: the moment they knew their relationship was over, We were paired by her best friend.
GO Vladimir Putin warns of Olympic ‘schism’ after Russian doping revealed.
GO The Russian president, Vladimir Putin, has warned that the Olympic movement could “wind up on the edge of schism” after a damning report found that the country’s government, security services and sporting authorities colluded to hide widespread doping across “a vast majority” of winter and summer sports.
GO Donald Trump shut down companies tied to Saudi Arabia after election.
GO   Donald Trump shut down some of his companies in the days after the election, including four that appeared connected to a possible Saudi Arabia business venture, according to corporate registrations in Delaware.
GO Vladimir Putin orders 10-hour Aleppo truce on Friday.
GO Vladimir Putin has ordered a   truce on Friday in the   Syrian city of Aleppo, the Russian defence ministry has said.
GO Chinese warship seizes US underwater drone in international waters.
GO The Chinese navy has seized an underwater drone in plain sight of the American sailors who had deployed it in international waters, in a seemingly brazen message to the incoming Trump administration.
GO Wage gap between white and black Americans is worse today than in 1979.
GO Black Americans today earn even less relative to their white counterparts than they did in 1979, according to a new report by the Economic Policy Institute (EPI).
GO Theranos to close its labs and blood-testing centers and lose 340 staff.
GO Elizabeth Holmes, the embattled founder and chief executive of Theranos, said late on Wednesday that the company will close its clinical labs and Walgreens testing centers in the US.
GO New York sees first documented case of a woman spreading Zika via sex.
GO A New York City woman infected her male partner with the Zika virus through sex, the first time    transmission of the germ has been documented.
GO US military admits killing two dozen Syrian civilians in July airstrike.
GO The US military has admitted culpability for killing approximately two dozen civilians in a July airstrike outside the Syrian city of Manbij, then the scene of fierce fighting with Islamic State militants.
GO Truman Capote’s ashes sold for $43,750.
GO The ashes of In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany’s author Truman Capote have been sold at auction in Los Angeles for $43, 750 (£33, 800).
GO Are we living through another 1930s?.
GO Things are happening with   rapidity: Brexit, the Turkish coup, Islamist massacres in France, the surrounding of Aleppo, the nomination of Donald Trump.
GO Turkish border guards kill eight Syrian refugees – reports.
GO Eight Syrian refugees have been shot dead by Turkish border guards as they tried to escape   northern Syria, a human rights watchdog has claimed.
GO François Hollande: France has ’a problem with Islam’.
GO The French president, François Hollande, has said his country has “a problem with Islam” and that there are too many illegal migrants arriving in France.
GO Jeff Bezos on Peter Thiel: ’Seek revenge and you should dig two graves’.
GO Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has spoken out against Peter Thiel and in defense of Gawker, telling a Los Angeles audience: “Beautiful speech doesn’t need protection.
GO Urban Outfitters settles with Navajo Nation after illegally using tribe’s name.
GO Urban Outfitters reached a settlement with the Navajo Nation after illegally using the tribe’s name for a collection that included “Navajo hipster panties” and a “Navajo print flask”.
GO Michelle Obama data breach: purported scan of first lady’s passport appears online.
GO The White House is looking into a cyber breach after what appeared to be a scan of first lady Michelle Obama’s passport was posted online.
GO Prince’s Purple Rain shirt fetches almost $100,000 at California auction.
GO A white ruffled shirt that was worn by Prince in the film Purple Rain has sold at auction for 32 times its asking price, fetching nearly $100, 000.
GO Tearful Lynsey Sharp says rule change makes racing Caster Semenya difficult.
GO A tearful Lynsey Sharp said the decision to overturn rules on testosterone suppression made competing against the women’s Olympic 800m champion, Caster Semenya, and other hyperandrogenic athletes difficult.
GO Billionaire businessman Vincent Viola picked as Trump’s army secretary.
GO   Donald Trump announced on Monday that he has picked the New York billionaire businessman Vincent Viola to be his secretary of the army.
GO Supreme court reinstates Arizona law banning collection of early ballots.
GO The US supreme court on Saturday reinstated an Arizona law that makes it a felony to collect early ballots, dealing a blow to Democratic     efforts just days before the presidential election.
GO Konrad Reuland, former Ravens and Jets tight end, dies aged 29.
GO The Baltimore Ravens say former tight end Konrad Reuland has died at the age of 29 following a brain aneurysm.
GO San Francisco counters Trump rhetoric with move for non-citizen local voting.
GO Politicians in San Francisco are hoping that a backlash to Donald Trump’s   rhetoric will motivate local voters to move in the opposite direction and grant   the right to vote.
GO ’Exceptionally rare’ Titanic locker key expected to fetch £50,000 at auction.
GO A locker key from the Titanic is expected to be sold for up to £50, 000 at auction.
GO Garry Marshall, creator of Happy Days, dies aged 81.
GO Garry Marshall, the writer, director and producer who created the hit 1970s series Happy Days and directed Pretty Woman, has died aged 81.
GO Judge in Stanford sexual assault trial launches campaign to fight recall effort.
GO The judge in the Stanford sexual assault case has launched a campaign to fight the   effort to unseat him, declaring that he has a “reputation for being fair to both sides” in his first public comments on the controversy.
GO Ten years on from the West Wing finale, the show’s shadow still looms large.
GO It’s strange to think that 10 years ago today The West Wing, one of the most legendary and highly praised shows in recent memory, aired its final episode.
GO Priscilla Chan and Mark Zuckerberg aim to ’cure, prevent and manage’ all disease.
GO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan, have laid out plans to invest $3bn over the next 10 years with the not insignificant goal of tackling all diseases.
GO Janet Yellen: the case for an interest rate hike in 2016 has ’strengthened’.
GO The Federal Reserve could raise interest rates a second time in one year in the coming months, chair Janet Yellen said on Friday.
GO Teenage rape victim dies after setting herself on fire in Morocco.
GO Moroccan authorities are investigating the death of a teenage rape victim who set herself on fire after her alleged attackers threatened to publish photographs of the ordeal, a rights group has said.
GO Warren Buffett sells a third of IBM stake, marking it ‘downward’.
GO Warren Buffett said he has sold about   of Berkshire Hathaway’s big stake in IBM, CNBC reported on Thursday, reducing a bet by the famed investor that surprised many and which so far has yet to prove successful.
GO Twenty years after Diana campaign, new landmine crisis plagues Iraq and Syria.
GO LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation)   Twenty years after Princess Diana’s iconic visit to a minefield in Angola, the world faces a new landmine crisis in Syria and Iraq on a scale not seen for decades, campaigners said on Sunday.
GO Trump’s team considers moving White House press room.
GO    Donald Trump’s team could move the White House press briefing room from the West Wing to another location that accommodates more media from around the country and the world, senior officials in the incoming administration said on Sunday.
GO Noble Energy to buy Clayton Williams Energy for $2.7 billion.
GO Noble Energy said the deal includes 71, 000 net acres in the core of the Southern Delaware Basin in Reeves and Ward counties in Texas, which are a part of the larger Permian Basin.
GO Exclusive: Restaurant chain Chuck E. Cheese prepares IPO - sources.
GO The IPO would be a bet that Irving,   Chuck E. Cheese’s arcade games and   activities will differentiate it in the minds of investors from other more commoditized restaurant chains that have failed to whet their appetite.
GO Murder of Mexican activist triggers calls for better protection of campaigners.
GO BOGOTA (Thomson Reuters Foundation)   A prominent environmentalist in Mexico was shot dead over the weekend, highlighting the dangers facing activists in Latin America and prompting calls for better protection of land and indigenous rights campaigners.
GO Trump health pick defends stocks, says Americans won’t lose insurance.
GO    Donald Trump’s nominee to head the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services defended his stock holdings and proposals to dismantle Obamacare on Wednesday, saying Americans would not suddenly lose health insurance.
GO U.S. national security handover to Trump bumpy, officials say.
GO    Donald Trump’s national security transition has been more chaotic than others in recent memory, with important positions unfilled and many of his people less able, or willing, to engage on substance, U. S. officials said.
GO Uber to pay $20 million to settle U.S. claims it misled drivers.
GO    company Uber Technologies Inc has agreed to pay $20 million to settle claims by the U. S. government that it exaggerated prospective earnings in seeking to recruit drivers and downplayed the costs of buying or leasing a car, documents filed with a federal court on Thursday showed.
GO Donald Trump Tweets to China: Keep the Drone - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump directly addressed the nation of China with his Twitter account Saturday, as he spent the weekend watching the news about China stealing an underwater drone belonging to the United States.
GO Man Dressed as Woman Arrested for Taking Video of Woman in Target Fitting Room.
GO An Idaho man dressed as a woman was arrested for allegedly taking video of a woman in the fitting room of an Idaho Falls Target store, police say.
GO Sectarian Leaflets Call For Death Of Moderate Muslims At London Universities - Breitbart.
GO A Muslim hate group has distributed leaflets at leading London universities and on public streets calling for moderate Ahmadiyyahs to be killed, bringing Pakistani sectarian hate on to the streets of the UK capital.
GO Fashion Designer Tom Ford on Dressing Melania Trump: ’She’s Not Necessarily My Image’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on ABC’s “The View,” while promoting his latest film, “‘Nocturnal Animals,”   fashion designer and film director Tom Ford said he would prefer not to dress incoming first lady Melania Trump because she was “not necessarily” his image.
GO Chelsea Clinton Defends ‘Complicated’ Clinton Foundation Decisions - Breitbart.
GO Former and potentially future first daughter Chelsea Clinton is defending her decision to stay on the board of the Clinton Foundation, even if her mother is elected president.
GO Why We Lose: John McCain Blasts Trump For ’Destruction of the Press’ - Breitbart.
GO John McCain, the man who in 2008 put losing like a gentleman above doing what was necessary to keep   WrightAyersRezkoPleger out of the White House, appeared on CNN Wednesday with a fistful of red herrings designed to seek favor with his friends in the media by “othering” Donald Trump as a threat to all that holy and virtuous in America.
GO Donald Trump Seizes Control of Ohio Ground Game from John Kasich - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump is kicking his #NeverTrump Republican rival John Kasich to the curb in the state of Ohio and consolidating his power among activists on the ground.
GO DHS: ’Unreasonable’ that Gun Control Could Have Prevented Orlando.
GO Former Department of Homeland Security secretary Tom Ridge says it is “unreasonable” to think gun control could have somehow prevented the Orlando terror attack.
GO David French: I Will Vote for Donald Trump If He Is the Nominee - Breitbart.
GO Bill Kristol’s   pick David French said before the Iowa caucus that he would vote for Donald Trump if Trump becomes the Republican nominee.
GO Halperin: Comey Released Clinton Report Before Holiday ’As If He’s An Arm of the Clinton Campaign’ - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Bloomberg Politics Managing Editor Mike Halperin argued that the FBI didn’t follow up on “a lot of questions” during its investigation into Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s emails and that FBI Director James Comey released the FBI’s report of its investigation into Clinton email on the Friday before Labor Day “as if he’s an arm of the Clinton campaign,” and “has called his own impartiality into question by what he’s done.
GO REVEALED: Sheryl Sandberg’s Wacky 1991 Feminist Thesis.
GO The Harvard thesis of Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook’s   COO, has been shared with Breitbart, casting new light on the depths of the ardent feminist’s gender politics and the possible ideological preoccupations of the social network she now helps to run.
GO Breitbart/Gravis Poll: Hillary Clinton Leads Donald Trump 42% to 37% Nationally in 4-Way with Johnson 9%, Stein 3% - Breitbart.
GO Democratic nominee Hillary R. Clinton leads in a   contest with 42 percent of the vote, compared to Donald J. Trump with 37 percent, Libertarian Gary Johnson with 9 percent, and 3 percent for Green Party nominee Dr. Jill Stein, according to a   national poll conducted Aug. 9 with 2, 832 likely voters.
GO Stephen Miller to Write Trump’s Inaugural Speech - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump tapped his senior White House policy adviser Stephen Miller to write his Inauguration speech.
GO Report: Donald Trump To List His Supreme Court Justice Picks This Week - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump plans to list several of his possible Supreme Court Justice picks this week, “seeking to ease concerns among conservatives that he would appoint liberal justices if he is elected president,” according to The New York Times.
GO Watch: Trump Endorses Paul Ryan, John McCain and Kelly Ayotte - Breitbart.
GO Friday in Green Bay, WI at a campaign rally, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump endorsed Speaker of the House Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) Senator John McCain ( ) and Senator Kelly Ayotte ( ).
GO Twitter Rewards Black Lives Matter With Official Emoji Less Than A Day After Dallas - Breitbart.
GO Despite the outbreak of deadly   violence in Dallas yesterday evening, Twitter has chosen today to reward the Black Lives Matter movement with their own custom emoji.
GO Sen Cotton: Hillary Has Disqualified Herself to Be Commander-In-Chief - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) said presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton had “disqualified herself as   ” and cited her “cavalier attitude” on the nation’s secrecy laws as the reason.
GO Penny Nance: Stopping Merrick Garland Will Be a ‘Cage Match,’ ‘Most Important Battle of Our Lives’ - Breitbart.
GO Penny Nance, president of Concerned Women For America, warns on Breitbart News Daily that conservatives face the most important battle of their lives in opposing Obama’s liberal Supreme Court pick, Merrick Garland.
GO Colin Kaepernick Fails to Show for Speech at San Francisco Church.
GO San Francisco 49ers quarterback failed to show up on Sunday morning at the Third Baptist Church in San Francisco, where he was to have spoken to congregants to explain his ongoing refusal to stand for the national anthem at football games.
GO Wall Street Journal: Bernie Sanders Should Have Used ‘Clinton Cash’ Against Hillary - Breitbart.
GO James Taranto writes in his “Best of the Web” column in the Wall Street Journal that the new documentary film “Clinton Cash” based on Peter Schweizer’s bestselling book of the same name, would be an effective tool for Bernie Sanders to use in his campaign against Hillary Clinton if the Vermont senator were wise enough to use it.
GO Trump vs. Cruz: Wrecking the Establishment vs. Standing with Conservatism - Breitbart.
GO The battle between Senator Ted Cruz ( ) and Donald Trump has now divided insurgent Republicans into two camps: those who prize conservative values over all else, and those who prize slapping the establishment over all else.
GO The Bitch is Back: Milo Yiannopoulos Is Coming To Snapchat - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos is joining Snapchat, the fastest growing social media platform, with over 200 million monthly active users, sending on average 400 million snaps per day.
GO Bill Cosby Ordered to Stand Trial for Alleged Sex Assault - Breitbart.
GO A Pennsylvania judge on Tuesday ordered comedian Bill Cosby to stand trial for the alleged sexual assault of a woman in 2004.
GO NY Teacher: How a Lockdown Changed My Mind on Guns in School - Breitbart.
GO On July 29, Breitbart News spoke to Mary Anne Marcella, a New York City school teacher who explained that a lockdown at her school caused her to realize that the teacher’s ultimate defense is a firearm.
GO Bill Clinton Admits: Some Gave to Clinton Foundation for Favors.
GO Former President Bill Clinton admitted to National Public Radio on Monday that some donors to the Clinton Foundation may have sought to win favors from the government, particularly the State Department while under his wife, Hillary Clinton.
GO George Will: GOP Must ‘Rethink the Business of Open Primaries and Caucuses’ - Breitbart.
GO The Republican Party is “going to have to rethink the business of having open primaries and caucuses,” Washington Post columnist George Will urged after noting that Donald Trump has been doing well in “open” primary contests.
GO Breitbart’s Aaron Klein: Battle for Aleppo Could Determine Future of Mideast - Breitbart.
GO “What happens in Syria in the coming days and weeks can define the future of the Middle East,” stated Breitbart’s Aaron Klein.
GO Switzerland Forces Migrants to Hand over Possessions to Pay for Upkeep - Breitbart.
GO Swiss authorities are confiscating valuable possessions from migrants and taxing them 10 per cent of any money they earn to pay for their upkeep.
GO Carrier Denies That It Received or Will Claim $5.1 Million from Stimulus - Breitbart.
GO Carrier Corp. the HVAC manufacturer which recently announced layoffs of 1, 400 employees to relocate production to Mexico, denies that it has received any monetary benefits from President Obama’s stimulus programs.
GO Mendoza: ’The Need for Reform at the UN Is Paramount’.
GO Dr. Alan Mendoza, founder and executive director of the Henry Jackson Society, told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam, “The need for reform at the United Nations is paramount.
GO Pro-Beijing South China Sea Video Appears in Times Square.
GO A   propaganda video promoting Beijing’s territorial claims in the South China Sea has begun playing in New York City’s Times Square, raising immediate objections from a British politician who says she was deliberately misquoted in the film.
GO Jill Stein’s Green Party: FBI Dropped Clinton Investigation for Half-a-Million Dollars.
GO Hillary Clinton’s political allies bribed a top FBI official to bury the investigation of her illegal handling of government information, according to a tweet from Jill Stein’s Green Party.
GO Jeb: Rubio ’Would Have Earned It’ As Mitt’s VP, Now He’s Running for POTUS, His Claims On Hezbollah, Obamacare Aren’t True - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate former Florida Governor Jeb Bush argued that fellow candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio doesn’t have a “proven record,” cast doubt on Rubio’s claimed accomplishments on Hezbollah and Obamacare, and said that he recommended Rubio to be vice president for Mitt Romney “”Because he would have earned it.
GO California Triple-Murder Linked to ’Furry’ Community - Breitbart.
GO Both the victims and the alleged killers in the murder of three people in California were reportedly members of their local ‘furry’ community.
GO Clash: eBay Founder Omidyar Backs Gawker as Thiel Backs Hogan.
GO Billionaire eBay founder Pierre Omidyar is planning to help Gawker’s appeal of a $140 million jury award to former wrestler Hulk Hogan in a lawsuit secretly funded by billionaire PayPal founder Peter Thiel.
GO Sanders: Wasserman Schultz Is Not The Kind of Chair That the Democratic Party Needs - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) criticized Democratic National Committee chairwomen Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) and said she is not the kind of chair that the Democratic Party needs.
GO Hillary: YouTube Video ’Did Play A Role’ in Benghazi Attack - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday at the CNN Democratic presidential debate, candidate Hillary Clinton said the 2012 Benghazi terror attack was “influenced” by an   YouTube video.
GO Gianni Infantino Elected New FIFA President - Breitbart.
GO FIFA’s Extraordinary Congress elected Gianni Infantino the group’s new president on Friday.
GO Michael Eric Dyson: ‘There Is Some Racist Impulse’ in Senate Blocking Obama SCOTUS Pick - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on CNN’s “The Lead,” Georgetown Law professor Michael Eric Dyson said there was “some racist impulse” in the   Senate blocking President Barack Obama’s pick for the replacement of late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
GO McCaul: ISIS Isn’t On The Run, It’s On The Rise - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” House Homeland Security Chair Rep. Michael McCaul ( ) said that ISIS was not on the run as some have claimed, but instead, “It is on the rise.
GO Levin: Drudge and Breitbart ’Have Put Their Finger on the Scales’ For Trump - Breitbart.
GO Talk radio host Mark Levin said that the Drudge Report and Breitbart “have put their finger on the scales, I believe, for Trump” on Tuesday.
GO Elon Musk: I’d like to Die on Mars, Just Not on Impact”.
GO SpaceX CEO Elon Musk unveiled his plan for “bold moves by private enterprise” to colonize Mars, beginning in 2022, at his keynote speech this week for the 67th International Astronautical Congress in Guadalajara, Mexico.
GO Dutch PEGIDA Leader Arrested for Failing to Take off Hate Shaped Like Pig.
GO The leader of the Dutch branch of the   PEGIDA movement was arrested on Saturday for refusing to take off a child’s hat shaped like a pig.
GO Pastor: Nothing Wrong with Carrying Guns ’on This Side of Heaven’.
GO A pastor in York, Pennsylvania, is teaching a handgun training class to willing congregants, stressing that there is nothing wrong with carrying a gun “on this side of heaven.
GO Police Patrol Michigan School After Video of Students Chanting ’Build the Wall’ Goes Viral.
GO Michigan’s Royal Oak Police Department placed one of its officers outside Royal Oak Middle School Thursday morning after some parents said they feared for the safety of students because a video showing students chanting “Build the wall” went viral on social media.
GO Trump Supporters Shout Down, Eject ’Nazi’ (Plant?) from Rally.
GO A man spouting Nazi slogans disrupted a Donald Trump rally on Wednesday evening, but Trump supporters shouted him down and eventually escorted him out of the Reno, Nevada rally.
GO Super Bowl Ad Blasted for Showing Lil Wayne Cooking for ’Slave Owner’ George Washington.
GO A Super Bowl ad featuring rapper Lil Wayne cooking food for an actor portraying former president and founding father George Washington is being criticized as racist.
GO PBS’ Donor-Moderator Fails to Ask About Clinton Foundation.
GO The PBS moderators at Thursday night’s Democratic debate failed to ask former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton any questions about the Clinton Foundation, despite news earlier in the day that the State Department had sent it a subpoena for documents about its activities during her tenure in office.
GO 5 Words Donald Trump Forgot to Say in the First Debate.
GO Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump dropped the first debate of the 2016 presidential cycle to his Democratic rival.
GO Obama: Bathroom Laws in North Carolina and Mississippi are ‘Wrong’ - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama finally addressed the bathroom laws passed by states like North Carolina and Mississippi to ban people from entering bathrooms designated for the opposite sex, calling them “wrong” and recommending that they be overturned.
GO Report: Child Welfare Officials Investigating Anthony Weiner - Breitbart.
GO The New York Post reports that Clinton aide Huma Abedin’s estranged husband has been visited by New York City’s children welfare office after the latest scandal surrounding the disgraced former Congressman broke:    officials are investigating Anthony Weiner in the wake of The Post’s exclusive report that he sent a lewd selfie that showed his young son lying in bed next to him, sources said Wednesday.
GO Berkeley Students to Police: Drop ’Islamophobic’ Training.
GO Members of UC Berkeley’s Associated Students at the University of California (ASUC) Senate passed a resolution on Wednesday night that would ban a U. S. Department of Homeland   emergency response training program, known as Urban Shields, from the University of California Police Department (UCPD).
GO Four Refugees With Infectious Tuberculosis Sent to Indiana in 2015 - Breitbart.
GO Four refugees sent to Indiana by the federal Office of Refugee Resettlement in 2015 were diagnosed with active tuberculosis once they arrived in the Hoosier State, according to the Indiana Department of Health.
GO Nebraska GOP Convention Humiliates Ben Sasse with Crushing 400 to 8 Reprimand - Breitbart.
GO Delegates to the State Republican Convention in Nebraska dealt a near unanimous reprimand to Sen. Ben Sasse on Saturday for his outspoken support for the “Never Trump” effort designed to deny presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump the presidency in November.
GO Report: Prince Died of Drug Overdose - Breitbart.
GO The late pop icon Prince died of a drug overdose, an anonymous law enforcement source told the Associated Press on Thursday.
GO Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders Tied in National Poll - Breitbart.
GO A new national poll from Quinnipiac University finds socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders surging into a tie against Hillary Clinton.
GO Rubio: I’ve Never Supported Amnesty, Comments I Made In 2010 Were In Context of ’Fast Path’ Bill - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio stated that he has never supported amnesty, and that statements he made on immigration in 2010 were in the context of another bill that gave “a real fast path” to citizenship on Tuesday’s “Special Report” on the Fox News Channel.
GO Indiana University Student Charged With Recording Women in Dorm Showers - Breitbart.
GO A student at Indiana University has been charged with recording women showering in dorm bathrooms, according to a WGNTV report.
GO Biden: Ronald Reagan Could Not Win The Republican Primary Today.
GO Vice President Joe Biden on Tuesday said that judging by the state of the Republican presidential primary, Ronald Reagan himself would not be able to win the nomination.
GO Florida Pastor Who Endorsed Trump Is Vocal Sandy Hook Truther.
GO A Florida pastor and conservative radio host who endorsed Donald Trump for the GOP presidential nomination is a vocal Sandy Hook truther, according to reports surfaced Tuesday by Media Matters.
GO BBB: Sorry Donald, Trump University Does Not Have An ’A’ Rating.
GO The Better Business Bureau on Tuesday disputed claims from Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump about his   business, Trump University, and clarified that it does not currently have an ”A” rating.
GO Suspect In Idaho Pastor Shooting Arrested At The White House.
GO The suspect in the shooting of an Idaho pastor was arrested Tuesday night after throwing ”suspicious objects” over the south fence of the White House, according to CNN.
GO Dem Debate Opens With Question For Clinton On What Went Wrong In Michigan.
GO The first question to Hillary Clinton during Wednesday night’s Democratic Debate went right after the former Secretary of State’s latest vulnerability: her unexpected loss in the Michigan primary.
GO Challenge To Texas Voter ID Law To Be Heard By Full Appeals Court.
GO The full Fifth Circuit U. S. Court of Appeals has decided to hear a challenge to Texas’ voter ID law, after a   panel of the appeals court ruled that the law violated the Voting Rights Act.
GO Trump: Reporter Who Said My Campaign Manager Grabbed Her Made It All Up.
GO Donald Trump on Thursday night accused a Breitbart reporter who had alleged his campaign manager forcefully grabbed her of lying about her story.
GO Trump On Rally Violence: My Supporters Have ‘Anger That’s Unbelievable’.
GO Asked about a man who was arrested for assault after allegedly   a black protester at a North Carolina campaign rally, Donald Trump replied that some of his supporters have “anger that’s unbelievable.
GO New Video Purports To Show Trump Campaign Manager Grab Reporter’s Arm.
GO A new video surfaced Friday that purports to show Donald Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, grabbing the arm of a Breitbart News reporter earlier this week after a press conference.
GO Texas Gun Activist Plans To ’Open Carry My Rifle’ At Obama’s SXSW Interview.
GO One gun rights activist in Texas said he planned to ”open carry my rifle” at President Barack Obama’s SXSW keynote on Friday, according to a report from the New York Daily News.
GO Clinton: Reagans ’Started A National Conversation’ About HIV/AIDS (VIDEO).
GO Hillary Clinton said the Reagans ”started a national conversation” about HIV and AIDS in the 1980s during a Friday interview before former first lady Nancy Reagan’s funeral in Simi Valley, California.
GO Rubio: ’It’s Getting Harder’ To Keep Intentions To Support GOP Nominee.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said Saturday that it was getting difficult to keep his promise to support whoever is ultimately the GOP nominee.
GO Trump: ’Many’ Of The People Who Protested My Chicago Rally Were ’Thugs’.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump tweeted Saturday that ”many” of the people who protested his rally in Chicago that led to him canceling it were ”thugs.” Trump, citing security concerns, cancelled the event after thousands turned up in protest.
GO WATCH: Secret Service Swarms Trump On Stage At Campaign Rally In Ohio.
GO Secret Service agents were quick to surround Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump at a campaign rally in Dayton, Ohio.
GO Trump: Sanders Is ’Lying’ About His Supporters Protesting My Events.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump tweeted Sunday that Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) was ”lying” about encouraging his supporters to protest Trump.
GO Trump: About 27 Percent Of Muslims Are ’Very Militant’.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Sunday that 27 percent of Muslims were ”very militant.” Trump’s comments come after he said last week that Islam ”hates us.” ”I mean, I could be corrected, it’s whatever it is it is    but it’s something like 27 percent are, you know, really very militant about going after things,” Trump said on ”Fox News Sunday.” ”And you’ll have to look at it.
GO Be Careful Or Else.
GO Donald Trump warns Bernie Sanders: Be careful, or my supporters will start going to your rallies!
GO Palin: We Don’t Have Time For Trump Protesters’ ’Punk Ass Little Thuggery’.
GO Listen up, protesters: former Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin doesn’t have time for your ”petty punk ass little thuggery.” Palin appeared Monday at rally for GOP frontrunner Donald Trump in Tampa, Florida, after canceling another Sunshine State campaign appearance earlier in the day.
GO Hiring: Front End Developer.
GO We’re hiring a new Junior Front End Developer to help us build out the publishing platform that will shape the future of digital journalism.
GO Where We’re Going.
GO In case you missed it over the weekend, my look at the last 96 hours and where this is going: ”Someone Will Die”.
GO Police: No, We’re Not Charging Trump For ’Inciting Riot’ In N.C..
GO After a Monday report from local network WRAL that North Carolina law enforcement were considering charges against Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump for ”inciting a riot,” a police spokesman said that was not the case.
GO In Ohio, Hillary Clinton Projected To Win In the Democratic Primary.
GO The Associated Press and NBC have called the Ohio Democratic primary for Hillary Clinton after an upset in Michigan put the state up for grabs.
GO #NeverTrump Can’t Count On Paul Ryan.
GO Welp, Paul Ryan’s office suggests he can’t do much to stop Trump because Ryan is the chair of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland and must remain neutral.
GO Live Chat: Editor of The Chronicle of Higher Education Liz McMillen, Thursday 1 PM ET.
GO Liz McMillen, editor of The Chronicle of Higher Education, will join the Hive (sub req) on Thursday March 17th to discuss all things related to higher education.
GO Paul Ryan Won’t Rule Out Accepting GOP Nomination: ’We’ll See’.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) said Tuesday he wouldn’t categorically rule out accepting the Republican Party’s presidential nomination if it came to that in a deadlocked convention.
GO Donald Trump Projected Winner Of Illinois Republican Primary.
GO NBC News and Fox News are projecting real estate mogul Donald Trump as the winner of the Illinois Republican primary Tuesday night.
GO Carson: You Have To Admit Trump Calling Me A Child Molester ’Did Work’.
GO After his surprising endorsement of Donald Trump, former candidate Ben Carson said Wednesday that he understands why Trump attacked him during his campaign, even calling him a child molester, saying ”it did work.” Yahoo News and Finance Anchor Bianna Golodryga asked Carson what he thought of some of Trump’s more vicious attacks against him during his time in the 2016 race, citing when Trump insulted Carson’s intelligence and questioning whether or not he was a child molester.
GO Keep An Eye On Orrin Hatch.
GO Orrin Hatch is obviously a big fan of Merrick Garland.
GO Judiciary Chair Grassley Agrees To Meet With SCOTUS Nominee Garland.
GO Senate Judiciary Chair Chuck Grassley ( ) will meet with newly named Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland after the Senate returns from its upcoming recess, according to the White House.
GO Pete Rose’s Attorney: He Never Sent Trump A Signed Baseball.
GO An attorney for Pete Rose said in a statement to NBC News Tuesday that the sports legend never sent a signed baseball to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
GO Trump: If I Lose At The Convention, ’I Think You’d Have Riots’ (AUDIO).
GO Donald Trump on Wednesday morning predicted that there will be riots at the Republican national convention if he falls just short of the delegate count needed and another candidate then wins the nomination.
GO Report: Obama Signals To Donors That It’s Time To Rally Behind Clinton.
GO Updated 4:11 p. m. President Barack Obama conveyed to Democratic donors Friday at a private fundraiser in Austin, Texas that it was about time for them to throw their support behind Hillary Clinton for president, according to The New York Times.
GO David Duke: Comparing Trump To Hitler Makes Hitler Look Good!.
GO Prominent white supremacist David Duke said Monday that it benefits Adolf Hitler when Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump gets compared to him.
GO Sanders Abruptly Ends TV Interview After Questions About Joe Arpaio (VIDEO).
GO Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) ended a Thursday interview with an Arizona TV station KPNX right after a reporter questioned him about his wife’s unplanned meeting with notorious Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
GO Bernie Sanders Won’t Attend AIPAC Conference.
GO Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) confirmed Friday that he will not attend the American Israel Public Affairs Committee Conference, citing scheduling conflicts, CNN reported.
GO Grassley: ’If I Can Meet With A Dictator,’ I Can Meet With Garland.
GO Sen. Chuck Grassley ( ) the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, on Thursday brushed off the significance of his plan to meet with President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, Merrick Garland.
GO 3 AZ Protesters Arrested After Route To Trump’s Rally Was Shut Down.
GO The main route to Donald Trump’s rally in a Phoenix, Arizona suburb was   Saturday after about two dozen   protesters briefly blockaded the road.
GO Meet the Helmet-Haired Archeo Trump.
GO Meet the   hair helmet and all: the man who brought you O’Reilly, Limbaugh, Colbert, Trump and so many others.
GO Trump: Megyn Kelly Should Give Me ’Half Of Her Salary’ For Helping Her Ratings.
GO Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump said Monday that thanks to the rating boost he says he’s given her, Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly is ”hotter now than ever before” and should give him ”at least half” of her salary in return.
GO Gallup: Majority Of Americans Say Merrick Garland Should Be Confirmed.
GO A majority of Americans believe President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland should be confirmed, according to a Gallup poll released Monday.
GO Trump In AIPAC Speech: My Daughter Will Have A ’Beautiful, Jewish Baby’.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump deviated from his prepared remarks at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) conference Monday to tell the room that his daughter, Ivanka, was about to have a ”beautiful, Jewish baby.” ”I love the people in this room.
GO Man Indicted In Bundy Ranch Standoff Is Named Trump Alternate Delegate.
GO Jerry DeLemus, a   of Veterans for Trump in New Hampshire who was arrested on federal charges related to the 2014 Bundy Ranch standoff earlier this month, has been named as an alternative delegate to the Republican National Convention for the Trump campaign.
GO Donald Trump Projected To Win GOP Primary In Arizona.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump won the GOP primary in Arizona, according to projections from the Associated Press and Fox News.
GO Come Back, Dick Cheney?.
GO After you read this, you might miss Dick Cheney’s credulous legalisms, squirmy rationales, and unconvincing denials on torture.
GO Cruz Adviser: Joe McCarthy Was Right!.
GO Clare Lopez, a national security adviser to Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) presidential campaign, earlier this month said the late Sen. Joseph McCarthy ( ) was ”spot on” about communists infiltrating the United States government in the 1950s.
GO Texas Official Posts Fake Photo Of Obama With Che Guevara Shirt (PHOTO).
GO Texas state agriculture commissioner Sid Miller posted a fake photo of President Barack Obama holding up a Che Guevara   late Tuesday on Facebook, alongside a critique of the President’s decision to continue his Latin America trip after deadly terror attacks in Brussels.
GO Ted Cruz: I Would Win The Nomination At A Contested Convention.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) on Wednesday seemed confident that he would win the Republican nomination if the presidential primary leads to a contested convention.
GO GOP Sen. Kirk To Meet With Merrick Garland On Tuesday.
GO One GOP senator who’s gone against the grain and said he was open to meeting with Obama’s Supreme Court nominee now is scheduled to meet with Merrick Garland on Tuesday.
GO Kimmel Skewers Double Standards Applied To Clinton, ’Mansplains’ To Her (VIDEO).
GO ”Jimmy Kimmel Live” skewered the double standards applied to female politicians in a segment between Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and host Jimmy Kimmel on Thursday’s episode.
GO Projection: Sanders Beats Clinton In Alaska Caucus.
GO Sen. Bernie Sanders is projected to defeat former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the Alaska caucus Saturday.
GO Sanders On His Wins In The West: ’We Have A Path Towards Victory’.
GO Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) celebrated his victory in Saturday’s Democratic caucuses    as well as his landslide wins in Idaho and Utah this week    in a speech at a Madison, Wisconsin rally where he declared, “We have a path towards victory.
GO John Kerry: The 2016 Campaign Season Is An ’Embarrassment’.
GO Secretary of State John Kerry said in an interview aired Sunday that the 2016 campaign cycle was an ”embarrassment” to the country.
GO Trump Aide Gets Testy With CNN Guest: ’You Want To Get Into An Argument?’.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s adviser, Stephen Miller, got testy Sunday with another CNN guest when the guest mentioned an interview Miller gave about Trump retweeting a picture that mocked Sen. Ted Cruz ( )’s wife.
GO See You In a Week.
GO I’m going to be away for a week.
GO Cruz: Trump Criticized My Wife Because He’s ’Scared’ To Discuss Foreign Policy.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) argued Sunday that rival Donald Trump criticized his wife, Heidi, because Trump was ”scared” to debate foreign policy issues.
GO Clinton, Sanders Reportedly Stop Calling To Congratulate Each Other On Wins.
GO Democratic presidential candidates Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and Hillary Clinton have stopped calling each other to offer their congratulations on caucus and primary victories, according to a Sunday Politico report.
GO Gunman In Custody, 1 Shot After Reports Of Shooting At U.S. Capitol.
GO UPDATED: March 28, 2016, 3:52 PM ET, Congress and the White House were put on lockdown Monday afternoon after multiple reports of shots fired near the U. S. Capitol complex, according to the Associated Press.
GO Susan Sarandon Says She May Not Vote For Clinton If Sanders Loses Dem Race.
GO Susan Sarandon, an   actress and ardent supporter of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) was unable to say in a Monday night interview if she would vote for Hillary Clinton if her candidate loses the Democratic nomination.
GO Hillary Clinton wins Puerto Rico Democratic presidential primary.
GO ’’ ”SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP)    Hillary Clinton overwhelmed Bernie Sanders in Puerto Rico’s Democratic presidential primary on Sunday, putting her within striking distance of capturing her party’s nomination.” ’After a blowout victory Saturday in the U. S. Virgin Islands and a decisive win in the U. S. territory, Clinton is now less than 30 delegates short of the 2, 383 needed to win the nomination, according to an Associated Press count.’ ’”We just won Puerto Rico!
GO 17 box-office bombs that went on to become cult classics.
GO ”Even if a film doesn’t sell many tickets at the box office, it can still go on to become a beloved cult classic.” ”In fact, many of Hollywood’s greatest films were financial flops, and it took years for audiences to embrace them.” ’From ”The Wizard of Oz” to ”The Big Lebowski,” here are 17 classic films that originally bombed in theaters.’ ”Even if a film doesn’t sell many tickets at.
GO The 5 most important things we learned about Apple this week.
GO ’’ ”The dust has settled from WWDC, Apple’s big event for developers.” ”Although there aren’t any new products immediately on the horizon, everything that was announced this week will eventually change the way you use your Apple devices.” ’Here are the five most important things we learned from Apple this week:’ ”iOS 10, which will be available this fall, is the biggest update to iOS since 2013’s iOS 7, which was a complete redesign.
GO Apple CEO Tim Cook will fund-raise for Republicans.
GO ’’ ’Apple CEO Tim Cook will host a private breakfast for Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan next week, .’ ’The breakfast is being hosted by Cook, according to the report, and not Apple itself.
GO Donald Trump is launching a website called LyingCrookedHillary.com.
GO ”   The same day Hillary Clinton’s campaign launched a website to   attack Donald Trump on his business record, the bombastic   billionaire announced the launch of his own website     LyingCrookedHillary.
GO Ebola vaccine shown to be ‘highly protective’ against deadly virus in major trial.
GO      Scientists on Thursday announced a milestone in the fight against Ebola, reporting that a major trial of an experimental vaccine shows that it may be “highly protective” against the virus, which has infected nearly 30, 000 people and killed 11, 000 worldwide since 2013.
GO Jaguars and Rams coaching jobs aren’t as unattractive as you might think.
GO      The head coaching vacancies of the Jacksonville Jaguars and Los Angeles Rams are not, at first glance, particularly glamorous by NFL standards.
GO Donald Trump plans to shut down his charitable foundation, which has been under scrutiny for months.
GO            Donald Trump said he plans to shut down his charitable foundation, a decision that comes after repeated controversies over how it collected and disbursed funds.
GO Should stores say ‘merry Christmas’? Trump says yes. But just ask the shop owners..
GO      Donald Trump’s path to electoral victory was paved in part with a promise that Santa Claus might make: “We’re all going to be saying ‘merry Christmas’ again.
GO Best and worst moments from the Redskins’ win over the Bears.
GO      Best and worst moments from the Redskins’   win over the Bears on Saturday in Chicago.
GO Debbie Reynolds says daughter Carrie Fisher is in stable condition after heart attack.
GO      Famed “Star Wars” actress Carrie Fisher is in stable condition after suffering a heart attack on Friday, her family says.
GO A&E abruptly cancels KKK docu-series before it airs.
GO      Five days after A&E announced a documentary series about the Ku Klux Klan, the network has abruptly canceled the project.
GO On Twitter, Trump defends foundation, ignores legal controversy surrounding it.
GO    Donald Trump took to Twitter on Monday night to defend the charitable foundation he has pledged to close, saying the media had not given him enough credit for his generosity and ignoring the legal issues that have ensnared the organization in controversy.
GO With new monuments in Nevada, Utah, Obama adds to his environmental legacy.
GO       President Obama on Wednesday created new national monuments in a sacred tribal site in southeastern Utah and in a swath of Nevada desert, after years of political fights over the fate of the areas.
GO How awful was John Kerry’s speech on Israel?.
GO      Secretary of State John F. Kerry’s dreadfully long and condescending speech rationalizing the U. S. decision to abstain from a   vote casting Israel as an international law breaker will convince no one not already in agreement with the Obama administration’s   posture.
GO Inside the coming war between the United States and the United Nations.
GO          Even before Donald Trump’s inauguration as president, Congress is planning to escalate the clash over the U. N. Security Council’s   resolution into a   conflict between the United States and the United Nations.
GO After Obama sanctions Russia, Trump says it’s time ‘to move on to bigger and better things’.
GO        Donald Trump on Thursday played down the ramifications of any Russian interference in the U. S. election, saying it is “time for the country to move on to bigger and better things” in a statement issued just hours after President Obama announced sweeping sanctions against Moscow.
GO With the election behind us, read this novel.
GO      To read a great work of fiction is to step inside the mind of another and see the world from an alien viewpoint.
GO The real reason President Obama won’t recess-appoint Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court.
GO      Some progressive activists and commentators are understandably frustrated that the Senate refused to consider President Obama’s nomination of Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court.
GO An obscure E.U. regulation may have saved lives in the Berlin Christmas market attack.
GO      The truck attack on a Christmas market in Berlin last week may have been cut short when the truck automatically deployed its brakes, the result of European Union regulations that require automatic braking systems on large trucks.
GO Why Europe Is Worried About Donald Trump’s Latest Remarks.
GO   Donald Trump hasn’t been shy about sharing his views about the world, in general, and Europe, in particular.
GO These Pro-Lifers Are Headed to the Women’s March on Washington .
GO Updated on Monday, January 16 at 4:05 p. m.   women are headed to D. C. Yes, they’ll turn out for the annual March for Life, which is coming up on January 27.
GO Saturday Night Live Faces Off Against the Trump Presidency.
GO Donald Trump didn’t make an appearance on the first Saturday Night Live of his presidency, at least not in the guise of his TV alter ego, Alec Baldwin’s pouting, preening impersonation.
GO Is NAFTA Over?.
GO On Tuesday, Enrique Peña Nieto told the Mexican press that he was prepared for Mexico to leave NAFTA all together if he didn’t like Trump’s proposals.
GO Jon Stewart’s Election-Eve Cameo Was a Dud.
GO It’s been frequently noted over the last 18 months that this grueling election has missed Jon Stewart, the former Daily Show host who functioned both as America’s comedic conscience and one of its fiercest media watchdogs.
GO The Atlantic Daily: Confronting Change.
GO         This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as The Atlantic Daily, a newsletter with stories, ideas, and images from The Atlantic, written specially for subscribers.
GO Is This the Second Redemption?.
GO Between 1870 and 1901, there were 20 black representatives in Congress and two black United States senators.
GO The Atlantic Daily: Getting Prepared.
GO         This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as The Atlantic Daily, a newsletter with stories, ideas, and images from The Atlantic, written specially for subscribers.
GO When a Sibling Goes to Prison.
GO    This is the first in a   series about young people with siblings in prison.
GO A Tribe Called Quest and the Shadow of Trump.
GO    A Tribe Called Quest’s “The Donald,” the final track on their first album in 18 years, is not about Donald Trump.
GO Is Grief a Disease?.
GO    After Stephanie Muldberg’s    son Eric died of Ewing’s sarcoma in 2004, she was lost in a sea of grief.
GO Keeping Schools Peaceful After the Election.
GO Once again, in the wake of a contentious presidential election outcome, schools have been popular sites for threats, violence, and other incidents sparked by the election.
GO Donald Trump’s CIA Pick Made His Name on the Benghazi Committee.
GO Mike Pompeo, who is reportedly Donald Trump’s choice to head the CIA, is a   Republican representative from Kansas who serves on the House energy committee and was a member of the panel that investigated the deadly attack on the U. S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya, in 2012.
GO Teaching 1984 in 2016.
GO My classroom becomes a totalitarian state every school year toward the end of October.
GO President Obama Hits Another Commutation Milestone.
GO    The White House announced Tuesday that President Obama has granted an additional 79 commutations to federal inmates, bringing his total to 1, 023, a figure that surpasses that of the last 11 presidents combined.
GO If Jeff Sessions Opposed Lurleen Wallace, Who Did He Support?.
GO    Defenders of Senator Jeff Sessions’s nomination to be attorney general have relied heavily on a particular talking point: that Sessions campaigned against the segregationist Democrat Lurleen Wallace, the wife of Alabama Governor George Wallace, in the 1966 governor’s race.
GO 5 Things to Know About Betsy DeVos, Trump’s Pick for Education Secretary .
GO   Donald Trump on Wednesday said he will nominate the Michigan philanthropist and prominent Republican donor Betsy DeVos to be U. S. Education Secretary.
GO Can the Dakota Access Pipeline Protests Survive the Winter?.
GO It is cold and growing colder in Cannon Ball, North Dakota, where protesters against the Dakota Access pipeline recently fought one of their most tense battles with the Morton County Sheriff’s Department.
GO Why White Evangelicals Are Feeling Hopeful About Trump.
GO Updated at 8:30 a. m. on December 1, Right now, a large group of Americans are feeling very hopeful about Donald Trump’s presidency.
GO The Atlantic Daily: Following Leaders.
GO         This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as The Atlantic Daily, a newsletter with stories, ideas, and images from The Atlantic, written specially for subscribers.
GO Obama: Whose Side Is He On?.
GO Whole doctoral dissertations could be devoted to the question of what makes President Obama angry and what does not.
GO What If the Orlando Murderer Had Been a Christian?.
GO Many people are surely asking, “What if the Orlando murderer had been a Christian?” Why?
GO Is American Liberty Over?.
GO Eric Metaxas,   author and radio   host, is the author of a new book, If You Can Keep It: The Forgotten Promise of American Liberty.
GO Dear Mr. Trump, This Is <I>My</i> Republican Party.
GO Dear Mr. Trump, For the last few weeks, I’ve thought a great deal about the way this primary race has gone and wondered if even you expected this outcome.
GO University Bias Report Filed Because Someone Wrote ‘Free Speech Matters’ on a Poster .
GO A   incident report was filed at University of Northern Colorado because a student wrote “free speech matters” on one of the 680 “#languagematters” posters that had been placed around the school warning of the dangers of using politically incorrect words and phrases.
GO How Rubio Got to ‘Maybe’.
GO It was May 12 when Marco Rubio made a seemingly offhand comment to reporters in the capitol.
GO What Would Need to Happen for Trump to Lose in Cleveland?.
GO A delegate insurrection against Donald Trump at the Republican convention in Cleveland would face long odds of success, but it’s possible.
GO Mizzou: Telling Disabled People They’re ‘Inspiring’ Is a Microaggression.
GO According to materials distributed by the University of Missouri Diversity Office, saying “you people are so inspiring” in reference to disabled people is not nice, but actually a microaggression.
GO The Immaturity of Supporting Hillary Clinton Because She’s a Woman.
GO It is hard to imagine a more immature or morally primitive stance than that of progressive women (and men) who argue how important is to support Hillary Clinton because, as your local college would put it, she identifies as a woman.
GO The World Turned Upside Down.
GO ‘The World Turned Upside Down” was the tune that British troops played as they marched out of their fortifications at Yorktown, following Cornwallis’s surrender to George Washington in 1781.
GO Democrats: We Will Overcome the Constitution.
GO Nothing stirs the passions of Democrats these days quite like the prospect of gutting the Constitution.
GO No, This Is Not How We Got Trump.
GO One of the common talking points shopped these days by pundits on the left is some version of “This is how you got Trump,” trotted out every time a Republican issues harsh criticisms of President Obama or other Democrats.
GO Tutors: Girls May Be Made Too Upset by Microaggressions to Succeed on the SAT .
GO Apparently, some tutors are concerned that an SAT math question with a chart showing more boys than girls in math classes may have made taking the test too difficult for females to handle emotionally.
GO <i>HuffPo</i>: The Term ‘LGBT’ Is ‘Not Really Politically Correct’ .
GO According to a piece in the Huffington Post, referring “to the QUEER community” as “LGBT” is “not really politically correct anymore” because it’s just not inclusive enough.
GO Celebrating Justice Thomas’s 25 Years on the Supreme Court.
GO Editor’s Note: Today marks 25 years since President George H. W. Bush nominated Clarence Thomas to serve on the Supreme Court.
GO On Hillary, Let the Voters Decide.
GO The people, not the prosecutors, should decide whether Hillary broke the law.
GO Why the ACLU Is Suing the Government over Grants to Catholic Charities.
GO The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has sued the federal government over its contracts with the U. S. Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) and other Catholic agencies.
GO Who We Aren’t.
GO ‘That’s not who we are,” a familiar presidential entreaty, came to mind after watching Woody Allen’s Café Society and the new Ghostbusters.
GO Trump Should Have a Celebrity-Free Inauguration.
GO Donald Trump is having a hard time lining up stars to perform at his inauguration.
GO The Morality of Using Military Power.
GO The Big Stick: The Limits of Soft Power and the Necessity of Military Force, by Eliot A. CohenBasic Books, 304 pages, $27.
GO Missing from the Intelligence Report: The Word ‘Podesta’.
GO There is a word missing from the   report issued Friday, in which three intelligence agencies assess “Russia’s Influence Campaign Targeting the 2016 US Presidential Election.
GO Meryl Streep Miscasts Herself.
GO The critic Pauline Kael back in the Eighties drew a bead on the fantastically acclaimed Meryl Streep, observing that the actress “makes a career out of seeming to overcome being miscast.
GO Column: It’s Sexist That Ryan Gosling Thanked Eva Mendes for Taking Care of Their Family .
GO According to a column in The Independent, Ryan Gosling’s Golden Globes acceptance speech was “sexist” because he thanked his wife, Eva Mendes, for her hard work taking care of their family at home.
GO What Betsy DeVos Should Tell the Senate.
GO One week from today, the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions will hold its confirmation hearing for Betsy DeVos, Donald Trump’s pick for U. S. secretary of education.
GO No, You Didn’t.
GO The president is leaving the same way he came in: with a great deal of vague and fruity talk about “hope and change,” very little of genuine interest, and an undercurrent of bitterness communicating his unshakeable belief that the American people just simply are not up to the task of fully appreciating History’s unique gift to them in the person of Barack Obama.
GO Academia May Now Be Beyond Satire.
GO The Chronicle of Higher Education, which is a window on the sometimes weird world of academia, recently revisited a hilarious intellectual hoax from 20 years ago.
GO Why the Media Lose to Trump.
GO The best thing that happened to Donald Trump all week is that BuzzFeed published the raw Russia dossier about him.
GO Yes, Trump’s Election Was Legitimate.
GO Following the lead of Georgia congressman John Lewis, a flurry of Democrats will not be attending Friday’s inauguration of   Donald Trump, on the grounds that Trump, in Lewis’s words, “isn’t a legitimate president.
GO Trump Should Dump Obama’s Transgender Shower Decree.
GO Obama’s transgender bathroom,   and   decree belongs high atop the list of edicts that President Donald J. Trump should obliterate.
GO Cecile Richards Makes the Case for Defunding Planned Parenthood.
GO As Planned Parenthood faces a renewed defunding effort from the Republican Congress, The Daily Show host Trevor Noah interviewed the group’s president, Cecile Richards, to discuss the organization’s future .
GO Why I’m Not Sorry to See TPP Go.
GO I’m not as sorry as the editors to see the   Partnership laid to rest.
GO Build That Wall . . . and <i>Pay for It</i>.
GO Amid American cheers and a gratuitous swipe at our neighbor to the south, President Trump forged ahead this first dizzying week of his administration with the groundwork for his signature campaign promise: The Wall.
GO Trump’s Travel Ban Is a Maginot Line for Terrorists.
GO Trump’s travel ban is a counterterrorism Maginot Line: A fortress of arrogance that ultimately proves impotent.
GO Why My Stepsons’ Father Killed Himself.
GO Last week, my two stepsons’ father, a man who loved life, killed himself.
GO Senator Wyden Must Resign.
GO I have disagreed with Senator Ron Wyden on practically every political question there is, but he always has struck me as a decent and honest man, and so it is with a heavy heart that I write these words: Senator Wyden must resign his seat in light of disturbing new information about his past that has come to light.
GO Where Justice Scalia Was Wrong.
GO With an asperity born of exasperation, Justice Antonin Scalia once wrote, “If you want aspirations, you can read the Declaration of Independence,” but “there is no such philosophizing in our Constitution,” which is “a practical and pragmatic charter of government.
GO Check out all the cool cars we saw at the New York Auto Show.
GO ’The New York Auto Show opens to the public on Friday and runs through April 24.’ ”By and large, New York is a luxury SUV show, because that’s what sells well in the Northeast.” ’But the Big Apple has long had an unlikely love affair with cars of all sorts.
GO Melissa McCarthy returns to ’SNL’ as Sean Spicer in an Easter Bunny costume.
GO ’   Melissa McCarthy returned to ”Saturday Night Live” as White House   Press Secretary Sean Spicer, this time dressed as the Easter   Bunny.
GO Inside the insanely lavish Airbnb homes Drake and Lady Gaga stayed in for Coachella.
GO ”The headliners of any given year’s Coachella festival are pretty much music royalty, and at the 2017 fest that just wrapped last weekend, they were definitely treated as such in their accomdations for their stay.” ’Drake, Lady Gaga, and Kendrick Lamar stayed in luxurious homes provided by Airbnb.
GO James Comey fired as FBI director.
GO ’ President Donald Trump fired James Comey as director       of the FBI ’ ’   President Donald Trump fired FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday,   the White House said.
GO George W. Bush defends the ‘indispensable’ media.
GO Former President George W. Bush defended the media in an interview on Monday, calling it “indispensable” and essential to keep government officials in check.
GO How To Lose The Senate In 82 Days.
GO Hillary Clinton’s increasingly dominant lead in the presidential race is solidifying many Republicans’ worst 2016 fears that Donald Trump will cost the party not only the White House but also control of the Senate.
GO Justice Department Will Phase Out Its Use Of Private Prisons.
GO U. S. Justice Department officials plan to phase out their use of private prisons to house federal inmates, reasoning that the contract facilities offer few benefits for public safety or taxpayers.
GO As Trump Tours Flood-Ravaged La., White House Announces Obama’s Going, Too.
GO On the same day Donald Trump was touring areas of Louisiana affected by record flooding, the White House announced President Obama will be heading to Louisiana, too.
GO WATCH: Donald Trump Expresses ’Regret’ For Sometimes Saying The Wrong Thing.
GO In an effort to save his flagging presidential candidacy, and two days after shaking up his campaign, Donald Trump expressed ”regret” for sometimes saying the wrong thing and causing ”pain.” ”Sometimes, in the heat of debate and speaking on a multitude of issues, you don’t choose the right words or you say the wrong thing,” Trump said, reading from a teleprompter at a campaign event Thursday night in Charlotte, N. C. ”I have done that, and I regret it, particularly where it may have caused personal pain.
GO Montana Officials Close Yellowstone River To Fight Fish-Killing Parasite.
GO A microscopic parasite is ravaging the fish population of the Yellowstone River in Montana, prompting state officials to ban   recreation along a   stretch of the river and all of its tributaries.
GO Ryan Lochte Apologizes For ’Not Being More Careful And Candid’ In Rio.
GO One day after the head of the U. S. Olympic Committee issued a formal apology to Rio and Brazil over his and others’ behavior, swimming star Ryan Lochte says he should have been more careful and candid.
GO Former Navy SEAL Settles With Authorities Over Bin Laden Raid Book.
GO The decorated former Navy SEAL who penned a   book about the operation to kill Osama bin Laden has reached a financial settlement with the U. S. Justice Department.
GO PHOTOS: Firefighters Gain Ground On California’s Blue Cut Wildfire.
GO Firefighters are gaining ground on the aggressive Blue Cut wildfire in Southern California’s San Bernardino National Forest that has destroyed nearly 100 homes and more than 200 other structures.
GO Hear Sharon Van Etten’s Tribute To The Orlando Shooting Victims.
GO Sharon Van Etten has released a new song she wrote in memory of the victims of the June shooting at Orlando’s Pulse nightclub.
GO Study Of Breast Cancer Treatment Reveals Paradox Of Precision Medicine.
GO A major study about the best way to treat   breast cancer reveals that ”precision medicine” doesn’t provide unambiguous answers about how to choose the best therapy.
GO Watch George Clinton With Parliament Funkadelic And Thundercat, Live In The StudioKCRW.
GO George Clinton, the mastermind behind the bands Parliament and Funkadelic, is one of the foremost innovators of funk music.
GO All U.S. Blood Donations Should Be Screened For Zika, FDA Says.
GO The Food and Drug Administration is recommending that blood banks screen all blood donations in the U. S. for the Zika virus.
GO Juan Gabriel, The ’Divo Of Juarez,’ Dies At 66 .
GO Juan Gabriel, a singular superstar who transcended borders and the trappings of gender with meticulously crafted pop songs and a flamboyant showmanship that earned him the nickname the ”divo of Juarez,” has died, according to the Los Angeles County Department of Medical Examiner.
GO Depression Treatment Often Doesn’t Go To Those Most In Need.
GO Most Americans who screen positive for depression don’t receive treatment, a study finds, while most who did receive treatment don’t appear to have the disorder.
GO Huma Abedin To Separate From Anthony Weiner After New Sexting Allegations.
GO Top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin is separating from her husband, former New York Rep. Anthony Weiner, according to a statement released Monday.
GO Why Should We Search For ET? .
GO Part 1 of the TED Radio Hour episode In Search Of, About Seth Shostak’s TED Talk, Will we find ET in the next 25 years?
GO Supreme Court Declines To Reinstate North Carolina Voter Restrictions.
GO A divided U. S. Supreme Court refused Wednesday to reinstate a set of voter restrictions enacted by the   Legislature in the battleground state of North Carolina.
GO In 36 Hours, More Than 10,000 People Are Rescued In The Mediterranean.
GO The twin babies were just 5 days old, a month premature and   for a dangerous journey across the Mediterranean Sea.
GO Georgetown Will Offer An Edge In Admissions To Descendants Of Slaves .
GO Georgetown University will be offering an admissions edge to descendants of enslaved people sold to fund the school, officials announced on Thursday.
GO A Teen Might Pick The Landing Site For NASA’s Next Mars Rover.
GO NASA’s next Mars rover mission doesn’t launch until 2020, but the process of picking a landing site is already underway.
GO Sirius to invest $480 million in Pandora, may be path to music streaming.
GO While Sirius XM has a strong presence in the auto market, where its channels are offered in most new cars in the United States, it has trailed Pandora and other music providers in mobile and streaming content.
GO AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for ’smart’ insurance policy.
GO AIG and IBM completed a pilot of a   ”smart contract”   policy for Standard Chartered Bank PLC which the companies said is the first of its kind using blockchain’s digital ledger technology.
GO U.S. Official: Navy Fires At Radar Sites In Yemen After Navy Destroyer Was Targeted.
GO Updated 11:15 p. m. ET with official reporting hits on radar sites, A U. S. official says the Navy has destroyed three radar locations in Yemen after missiles were fired at a U. S. destroyer off the Yemeni coast.
GO WATCH: Michelle Obama Says Trump Comments Have ’Shaken Me To My Core’.
GO First lady Michelle Obama gave a rousing, lengthy speech Thursday, hammering Donald Trump for vulgar comments he has made about women.
GO Nobel Laureate Bob Dylan Is A Literary ’Alchemist’.
GO The Nobel committee made a bit of a surprising announcement Thursday morning: Bob Dylan was awarded the Nobel Prize in literature for, according to the Swedish Academy, ”having created new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition.” Dylan has written more than 900 pages of lyrics, but the Nobel Prize is primarily awarded to essayists, novelists and playwrights.
GO Bob Dylan, Revisited.
GO It’s tough to think of a major honor that hasn’t been bestowed on Bob Dylan in his long career, but Thursday brought a new addition to his crowded awards shelf: the Nobel Prize for Literature.
GO You Can Monitor Heart Rhythm With A Smartphone, But Should You? .
GO Digital gizmos can monitor your heart, whether it’s a   fitness tracker or a smartphone app to help cardiologists analyze diagnostic tests.
GO 3 Men Charged With Plotting Attack On Somali Immigrants In Kansas.
GO Three men have been arrested and charged with planning to use a weapon of mass destruction in a terrorist attack on a mosque and housing complex in a western Kansas town where Somali immigrants live and worship, according to the U. S. Justice Department.
GO On Her Latest, Norah Jones Returns To Old Influences.
GO After forays into pop and folk, Norah Jones has returned to jazz and the piano for her latest album, Day Breaks.
GO Decades After His Death, Max Beckmann Returns To New York.
GO One late December day in 1950, Max Beckmann was standing on a street corner near Central Park in New York City.
GO Now Austria Says It Will Likely Redesign Hitler’s House, Not Tear It Down.
GO Updated at 4:15 p. m. ET on Oct. 18, A day after the Austrian government said it was planning to tear down the house where Adolf Hitler was born, the interior minister now says it is likely to be redesigned.
GO Tennis Star Nick Kyrgios Suspended For Tantrum At Shanghai Masters.
GO The governing body for men’s tennis has suspended Australian star Nick Kyrgios for three months, or eight tournament weeks, after he essentially threw his   match last week at the Shanghai Masters.
GO Malaysia To Fast-Food Joints: Please Rename Your Hot Dogs.
GO Regulators in Malaysia are trying to make something clear to food consumers: Hot dogs do not have dog meat in them.
GO With Oil Prices Down, Saudi Arabia Turns To The Bond Market For The First Time.
GO Saudi Arabia has raised more than $17 billion in its first foray into the global bond markets, according to news reports, as the kingdom struggles to close a budget deficit caused by declining oil prices.
GO First Watch: Corinne Bailey Rae, ’Hey, I Won’t Break Your Heart’.
GO When Corinne Bailey Rae played ”Hey, I Won’t Break Your Heart” at NPR Music’s Tiny Desk earlier this year, she introduced the song with a simple, yet meaningful remark.
GO Is Wonder Woman Suited To Be A U.N. Ambassador?.
GO On Friday the United Nations is set to appoint Wonder Woman its honorary ambassador for the empowerment of women and girls.
GO Donald Trump Says He’ll Accept The Results Of The Election ... If He Wins.
GO In front of an exuberant crowd Thursday in Delaware, Ohio, Donald Trump again addressed whether he would accept the outcome of the November election.
GO How Snakes Lost Their Legs.
GO Snakes used to wander the Earth on legs about 150 million years ago, before they shifted from strut to slither.
GO Join The Black Parade: My Chemical Romance And The Politics Of Taste.
GO Sunday is the 10th anniversary of My Chemical Romance’s The Black Parade, a defining album for both the band and a generation of   fans.
GO All Songs +1: How David Bowie’s Songs Became The Musical ’Lazarus’.
GO On this week’s +1 podcast: A conversation with Henry Hey, the orchestrator, arranger and musical director for Lazarus, the   musical set to the songs of David Bowie.
GO On Lady Gaga’s ’Joanne,’ All Of Pop Is A Stage.
GO ”I am lost, I confess, in the age of the social,” Lady Gaga intones in her saddest alto in ”Angel Down,” the   anthem that concludes her fifth studio album, Joanne, officially released today.
GO For Many Schools The Recession Never Ended.
GO The Great Recession technically ended in June of 2009, but many of America’s schools are still feeling the pinch.
GO Tour Bus Crashes Into Truck, Killing More Than A Dozen People In California.
GO A tour bus and   collided outside of Palm Springs, Calif. early on Sunday morning, injuring dozens of people and killing at least 13 passengers.
GO Adnan Syed, Subject Of ’Serial,’ Asks To Be Released On Bail .
GO Adnan Syed, whose murder conviction was exhaustively explored in the first season of the hit podcast Serial, has asked a judge to release him on bail.
GO Behind China’s Anti-Graft Campaign, A Drive To Crush Rivals.
GO China’s ruling Communist Party is pledging tighter discipline than ever for its 88 million members and no let up in a     campaign that has seen more than 1 million officials investigated for graft.
GO Zika May Be In The U.S. To Stay.
GO Public health authorities and infectious disease specialists now say we may not be able to rid the U. S. of the Zika virus.
GO Pence won’t say if Russia should be punished for hacking.
GO Washington (CNN) Vice   Mike Pence on Wednesday declined to say whether he believes Russia should be punished for carrying out a hacking operation aimed at influencing the 2016 presidential election.
GO How Trump’s speech played on Capitol Hill.
GO Washington (CNN) Perhaps Dan Quayle said it best: ”He was the same old Donald Trump.” The former Republican vice president, inside the Capitol following Friday’s inauguration ceremony, extolled the new president’s speech as ”fabulous” and ”right on target.” ”He’s going to make America great again,” Quayle said.
GO Women’s March live.
GO Washington (CNN) The Women’s March on Washington and other marches around the world as they happened live on January 21, 2017.
GO Trump to begin renegotiating NAFTA with leaders of Mexico, Canada.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump said Sunday he will begin renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement when he meets with the leaders of Canada and Mexico.
GO Melania Trump returns to New York.
GO Washington (CNN) First lady Melania Trump is returning to New York Sunday, after a whirlwind inaugural weekend in Washington.
GO US official confirms Trident missile failure.
GO Washington (CNN) A missile test involving Britain’s Trident nuclear deterrent system ended in failure off the coast of Florida last year, a US defense official with direct knowledge of the incident told CNN on Monday.
GO Panetta to Trump: CIA is ’not the appropriate place to start whining about’ inauguration crowd size.
GO Washington (CNN) Former CIA Director Leon Panetta said Monday it was inappropriate for President Donald Trump to use his speech to the agency as an opportunity to complain about reports on the crowd size at his inauguration.
GO What we learned at Sean Spicer’s first briefing.
GO Washington (CNN) White House press secretary Sean Spicer met the press for his first official briefing Monday, engaging in a      for well over an hour.
GO Trump to direct federal resources toward building a border wall on Wednesday.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump will take executive action Wednesday directing federal resources toward building a border wall, a White House official confirmed to CNN.
GO Lee ’Q’ O’Denat, WorldStarHipHop founder, dies at 43.
GO Los Angeles (CNN) Lee ”Q” O’Denat, the founder of the immensely popular site WorldStarHipHop.
GO Badlands National Park deletes tweets on climate change.
GO Washington (CNN) The Badlands National Park official account tweeted statistics about climate change on Tuesday that could contradict how President Donald Trump’s administration may want to present it.
GO Nikki Haley easily confirmed as UN ambassador.
GO Washington (CNN) The Senate voted Tuesday to confirm Nikki Haley as ambassador to the United Nations, making her the fourth member of President Donald Trump’s Cabinet to be approved even as Republicans and Democrats battle angrily over the pace of confirmations.
GO Secret Service looking at agent who suggested she wouldn’t defend Trump from bullet.
GO Washington (CNN) The Secret Service said Tuesday it is taking ”appropriate action” after one of its agents suggested on Facebook that she would not defend President Donald Trump should someone try to shoot him.
GO Examining the top contenders on Trump’s Supreme Court list.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump has made clear he’s winnowed down his list of potential Supreme Court nominees    and may be days away from making the announcement.
GO Mexican president cancels meeting with Trump.
GO Washington (CNN) Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto on Thursday canceled a meeting with US President Donald Trump that had been set for next week after renewed tensions erupted over Trump’s plan to build a wall on the border.
GO House science chairman: ’Get your news directly from the president’.
GO Washington (CNN) The chairman of the House Science, Space and Technology Committee is asking Americans to trust the information they get from the President over the news produced by the media.
GO Rep. Luis Gutierrez to Trump on sanctuary cities order: ’We’re going to fight’.
GO Washington (CNN) Democratic Rep. Luis Gutierrez of Illinois came out swinging against President Donald Trump’s executive order designed to crack down on   sanctuary cities, vowing ”to fight.” ”See he looks at them as illegals, right?
GO CIA director ’surprised’ by torture memo.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump’s CIA director, Mike Pompeo, was ”surprised” by a report of a draft executive order directing the agency to reexamine the use of interrogation techniques that are legally considered torture, a source with knowledge of the director’s thinking told CNN.
GO Trump: Defense secretary can ’override’ me on torture.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump said Friday he will allow his Defense Secretary James Mattis to ”override” him on torture, an issue on which the two men disagree.
GO Green card holders from Trump-restricted countries may not be allowed into US.
GO Washington (CNN) The US government will not automatically allow green card holders who traveled to countries placed under a temporary travel ban back into the United States, two sources familiar with the matter told CNN.
GO As Mattis prepares for Asia visit, North Korea starts reactor.
GO Hong Kong (CNN) North Korea appears to be restarting a plutonium reactor just as US Secretary of Defense James Mattis prepares to visit neighboring South Korea and Japan.
GO Priebus: Green card holders will be allowed into US, case-by-case.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump’s administration says green card holders    including those detained at airports across the United States in the wake of Trump’s ban on travel from seven nations    will be allowed into the country.
GO How Neil Gorsuch became Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee.
GO Washington (CNN) In only a few weeks, Judge Neil Gorsuch went from the federal appellate bench in Colorado, to become President Donald Trump’s nominee for the US Supreme Court.
GO President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for Supreme Court .
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump will nominate Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, Trump announced Tuesday night at the White House.
GO Yemen raid: Daughter of Anwar Al-Awlaki reported killed.
GO Washington (CNN) Nawar Anwar   the    daughter of former al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula leader Anwar   was killed in a joint   raid against the terror group Sunday, according to the girl’s family.
GO First on CNN: Bipartisan group of federal prosecutors backs Yates.
GO Washington (CNN) A bipartisan group of more than 70 former federal prosecutors    including 50 who served in Republican administrations    issued a harshly worded statement Tuesday in support of former acting Attorney General Sally Yates.
GO Berkeley protests of Yiannopoulos caused $100,000 in damage.
GO Berkeley, California (CNN) Protests that erupted at UC Berkeley ahead of a planned Wednesday appearance by   commentator Milo Yiannopoulos caused $100, 000 worth of damage to the campus, the school said Thursday.
GO John McCain basking in Trump tormentor role.
GO Washington (CNN) John McCain seems to be relishing a new role in the Senate: one of President Donald Trump’s leading trolls, going where fellow Republican senators dare not go in public.
GO Eat these foods to avoid Alzheimer’s.
GO Based on   and the   DASH diet (an eating plan designed to fight hypertension) the MIND diet calls for consuming vegetables, berries, olive oil, fish and beans to stave off brain diseases such as Alzheimer’s.
GO Radio station bans Madonna because she’s ‘un-American’.
GO A Texas radio station has decided to ban all Madonna songs from their airwaves because the singer has “shown   sentiments.
GO Trump to publicize crimes by illegal immigrants in ‘sanctuary cities’.
GO President Trump plans to publish a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal immigrants in the Big Apple and all other sanctuary cities that do not cooperate with federal immigration authorities.
GO Steve Bannon says the media is the ‘opposition party’.
GO President Trump’s combative chief strategist, Steve Bannon, calls the media the “opposition party” and says it should “keep its mouth shut.
GO Carlos Slim: Mexico shouldn’t fear ‘great negotiator’ Trump.
GO Billionaire Carlos Slim said on Friday that Mexico should not fear Donald Trump, seeing opportunities for his country in the U. S. president’s economic policies, and praising Mexicans for uniting behind their government in talks with the northern neighbor.
GO Cafe attackers were Bangladeshi, authorities say.
GO Dhaka, Bangladesh (CNN) All the attackers in the deadly assault on a cafe in Dhaka were Bangladeshi citizens, and five of them were militants that police had tried to arrest previously, Police Inspector General Shahidul Hoque told CNN Saturday.
GO House Democrats will oppose GOP gun bill.
GO Washington (CNN) House Democrats said Friday they will oppose a Republican bill aimed at preventing people suspected of being terrorists from buying guns because they don’t believe the proposal will be effective in stopping the purchases.
GO Poll: Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 6.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 6 percentage points, according to a new USA   University poll.
GO Donald Trump camp may lack numbers to stop delegate revolt, for now.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s campaign still lacks a sufficient number of supportive delegates to guarantee that any revolt at the Republican National Convention could be put down, a key committee delegate says.
GO Why Comey stood alone: Inside the FBI’s announcement.
GO Washington (CNN) FBI Director James Comey in recent weeks decided that when the bureau’s investigation into Hillary Clinton was completed, he alone would make a public announcement on the findings of investigators, but the surprising orchestration was propelled in part by the political chaos over the last week.
GO FBI director to testify before Congress about Clinton’s email investigation .
GO Washington (CNN) FBI Director James Comey will testify before Congress Thursday to answer ”important questions” about the Hillary Clinton email investigation and his recommendation that the Justice Department not prosecute the former Secretary of State even though classified information was found on her private email server.
GO Murphy: Trump shouldn’t get classified info.
GO Washington (CNN) Sen. Chris Murphy said Wednesday it was Donald Trump    not Hillary Clinton    who Americans should worry will divulge classified information.
GO Trump campaign says it raised $51M since late May.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s campaign on Wednesday announced it raised $51 million since late May, a sign that his first major fundraising foray has proved moderately successful.
GO Newt Gingrich defends Trump’s Star of David tweet.
GO Washington (CNN) Newt Gingrich on Thursday defended Donald Trump’s controversial tweet about Hillary Clinton featuring the Star of David over a field of money, telling CNN there was nothing   about the image and that the recent uproar was an ”absurd” and ”demagogic” attack orchestrated by the media.
GO Obama on Dallas: ’Vicious, calculated, despicable attack on law enforcement’.
GO Warsaw, Poland (CNN) President Barack Obama said Friday that the nation was ”horrified” after what he called ”a vicious, calculated and despicable attack on law enforcement” in Dallas.
GO U.S., Russia expel each other’s diplomats.
GO Washington (CNN) Diplomatic relations between the U. S. and Russia began to unravel after Moscow said Saturday it had expelled two American diplomats and the U. S. revealed it had tossed two Russians in response to an attack on one of its personnel.
GO Hate crime reports surge in Britain in weeks around ’Brexit’ .
GO London (CNN) Reports of hate crimes surged around the UK’s ”Brexit” vote, and on Friday, police explained just how ugly things got.
GO Clinton supporters reject settlements proposal.
GO Orlando, Florida (CNN) Hillary Clinton supporters rejected an effort Saturday to add a call for ”an end to occupations and illegal settlements” in Palestinian territories into the Democratic platform.
GO Obama: U.S. ’not as divided as some have suggested’.
GO Warsaw, Poland (CNN) Frankly acknowledging a ”tough week” in the United States after anxious days of shootings and racial tensions, President Barack Obama said Saturday that he did not believe the United States was ”as divided as some have suggested.” ”There is sorrow, there is anger, there is confusion about next steps,” Obama said during a news conference in Poland.
GO Bernie Sanders poised to endorse Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire.
GO Washington (CNN) Bernie Sanders is positioned to officially throw his support behind Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire on Tuesday, CNN’s John King reported on ”Inside Politics” Sunday.
GO Obama and Bush to speak Tuesday at Dallas memorial service for fallen police officers.
GO Madrid, Spain (CNN) President Barack Obama and former President George W. Bush on Tuesday will speak at an interfaith memorial service in Dallas for five police officers slain late last week, as well as meet with the victims’ families.
GO Ryan’s request to block Clinton from intelligence briefings is denied.
GO Washington (CNN) House Speaker Paul Ryan’s attempt to block Hillary Clinton from receiving intelligence briefings once she’s formally nominated by Democrats    given her use of a private email server    has failed.
GO How the GOP is courting John Kasich.
GO Cleveland (CNN) John Kasich may be the most intensely courted man in the Buckeye State.
GO South China Sea: Philippines wins court ruling against China.
GO Hong Kong (CNN) An international tribunal in The Hague ruled in favor of the Philippines in a maritime dispute Tuesday, concluding China has no legal basis to claim historic rights to the bulk of the South China Sea.
GO David Duke weighing a run for Congress.
GO Washington (CNN) David Duke is considering running for Congress.
GO Black senator describes facing unfair scrutiny by police.
GO Washington (CNN) Sen. Tim Scott of South Carolina    who is the only   Republican in U. S. Senate    delivered an emotional floor speech Wednesday about the unfair police scrutiny he has faced over his life because he is a black man.
GO House conservatives try to force vote to oust IRS chief.
GO Washington (CNN) House conservatives, frustrated that House Speaker Paul Ryan won’t commit to a floor vote to impeach the head of the IRS, worked to force a vote Wednesday.
GO Philando Castile shooting: What happened when filming stopped?.
GO Falcon Heights, Minnesota (CNN) Days after police shot Philando Castile and Alton Sterling, the investigations into their deaths are far from over.
GO Anti-Trump movement quashed in Cleveland.
GO Cleveland (CNN) The   Trump movement was dealt a resounding defeat late Thursday night, as any realistic hopes of keeping the New York billionaire from winning the nomination slipped away with a series of votes in the small but powerful Rules Committee.
GO Kerry: US, Russia to cooperate against al Qaeda in Syria.
GO Washington (CNN) Secretary of State John Kerry said Friday that the U. S. and Russia had agreed to cooperate in Syria against the al Nusra Front, al Qaeda’s Syrian branch, in an effort to ”restore the cessation of hostilities, significantly reduce the violence and help create the space for a genuine and credible political transition” in Syria.
GO Trump-Pence unveils modified logo.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump’s campaign unveiled Saturday a modified version of its   logo after the original graphic drew a lot of unintended attention.
GO Pence unlikely to open donor floodgates to Trump.
GO Washington (CNN) Mike Pence brings connections and appeal to a   of the Republican Party’s wealthiest financiers to the ticket with Donald Trump, but he nevertheless is unlikely going to convert those into big dollars for the fall campaign, according to interviews with donors and operatives deeply tied to   networks.
GO GOP lawmaker regrets calling for Clinton to be hanged.
GO Washington (CNN) A West Virginia lawmaker said Saturday he regrets tweeting that Hillary Clinton should be ”hung on the mall in Washington, D. C.,” as punishment for her use of a private email server as secretary of state.
GO New Clinton ad paints Trump as unsteady.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton released a new ad Saturday that paints Donald Trump as unfit to be commander in chief, suggesting that he lacks the vision to handle foreign affairs.
GO Stenson and Mickelson go head to head.
GO Troon, Scotland (CNN) It will likely go down to a duel of the ”sons.” Henrik Stenson against Phil Mickelson for the 145th British Open at Royal Troon Sunday.
GO Pakistan social media star killed by brother.
GO Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) Qandeel Baloch, one of Pakistan’s most famous and controversial social media stars, has been strangled to death in what police are calling a case of so called ”honor” killing in the city of Multan in the country’s province of Punjab.
GO Elizabeth Warren turns attacks on Pence.
GO Washington (CNN) Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who has emerged as perhaps the most prominent Democratic critic of Donald Trump, has found a new Twitter target in his running mate, Mike Pence.
GO Trump: I’d declare war on ISIS, send ’very few’ troops.
GO Cleveland (CNN) Donald Trump says he would declare war on ISIS and send ”very few” U. S. troops to the Middle East to combat the terrorist organization, speaking in his first interview alongside his new running mate, Indiana Gov.
GO North Korea fires 3 ballistic missiles, S. Korea says.
GO Seoul, South Korea (CNN) North Korea fired three ballistic missiles off its eastern coast on Tuesday morning, according to the South Korean military.
GO Car in Trump’s motorcade involved in minor accident.
GO Cleveland (CNN) A vehicle in Donald Trump’s motorcade was involved in a minor accident Monday in New York City on its way to the airport, as Donald and Melania Trump headed to the Republican National Convention in Cleveland.
GO Israeli police dispute report of Palestinian boy killed by gunfire.
GO Jerusalem (CNN) A    Palestinian boy was shot and killed by Israeli forces in the West Bank on Tuesday night, the Palestinian Ministry of Health said, a claim disputed by Israeli police.
GO Donald Trump claims GOP mantle.
GO Cleveland (CNN) Donald Trump claimed the mantle Tuesday as the Republican presidential nominee, capping a stunning rise to power for his insurgent campaign as a boisterous showing by his family and friends revived his convention after a rocky start.
GO Police officer shot and killed in Kansas City, Kansas.
GO Kansas City, Kansas (CNN) A police officer in Kansas City, Kansas, who was shot Tuesday while chasing suspects allegedly involved in a   shooting, has died, police Chief Terry Zeigler said.
GO George Zimmerman Auctioning Off Gun He Used To Kill Trayvon Martin.
GO Updated 6:15 p. m. ET, George Zimmerman, who fatally shot unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin in Florida in 2012 and was acquitted of all charges in the case, said Thursday that he was auctioning off the gun that he says he used in that incident.
GO Convoy Carrying Desperately Needed Aid Refused Entry To Besieged Damascus Suburb .
GO A   international convoy carrying desperately needed aid to Daraya, a besieged suburb of Damascus, was refused entry by Syrian government forces.
GO Brazil’s President Suspended From Office By Senate.
GO After debating through the night, Brazil’s Senate voted early Thursday 55 to 22 to try President Dilma Rousseff on charges of manipulating the budget.
GO How Schools Around The Country Are Treating Transgender Student Rights.
GO In addition to the letter today to the nation’s school districts urging them to protect the rights of transgender students, the Education Department provided a long report on states and districts it says are already doing so.
GO Amtrak Engineer Distracted By Radio Before Deadly Derailment, NTSB Says .
GO The National Transportation Safety Board investigation into last year’s Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia has concluded that the train’s engineer was distracted by radio transmissions before the crash, a federal official briefed on the findings told NPR.
GO Millions To Be Eligible For Overtime Under New Obama Administration Rule.
GO Millions more American workers will soon be eligible for overtime pay under a rule being finalized Wednesday by the Labor Department.
GO 4 Things To Know About Donald Trump’s Foreign Policy Approach.
GO In recent days, Donald Trump has given a series of   interviews shedding some light on what he means by the policy he calls ”America First.” The interviews are giving a clearer picture of the Republican presidential hopeful’s approach to foreign policy.
GO Autism Can Be An Asset In The Workplace, Employers And Workers Find.
GO As the population of people diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder keeps growing, so does the number of people with that diagnosis who aren’t finding employment.
GO Complain All You Want, But Your Busy Schedule May Help Your Brain.
GO Single mothers, untenured professors, young reporters and   doctors might have a thin silver lining for their hurried days and response for the people who insist on slowing down: All that hustling may translate into superior brain power as you get older, as a study finds that the busiest people perform best on cognitive tests.
GO People With HIV Are Less Likely To Get Needed Cancer Treatment.
GO We’ve made great progress treating people who are infected with HIV, but if they get cancer they’re less likely to get the care they need, a recent study found.
GO Do Democrats Want What Bernie Wants, Or Just What Bernie Has?.
GO For some weeks now, as Bernie Sanders has extended his remarkable and improbable run as a presidential candidate, people have been asking: ”What does Bernie want?” That question is a distant echo of ”What does Jesse want?” a relic of the 1988   candidacy of Jesse Jackson, another ”outsider” challenger with a dedicated hardcore following.
GO Baltimore Police Officer Found Not Guilty In Freddie Gray Case.
GO Baltimore police Officer Edward Nero has been found not guilty of all four misdemeanor charges he faced in connection with the arrest of Freddie Gray.
GO What $62 Billion In Cash Could Buy You: Monsanto.
GO Pharmaceutical giant Bayer has launched a $62 billion bid for seed seller Monsanto in what some news reports say would be the   German takeover of a foreign company.
GO For First Time In 130 Years, More Young Adults Live With Parents Than With Partners.
GO For the first time in more than 130 years, Americans ages   are more likely to live with their parents than in any other living situation, according to a new analysis by the Pew Research Center.
GO Justice Department To Seek Death Penalty For S.C. Church Shooting Suspect.
GO The Justice Department says it will seek the death penalty against Dylann Roof, accused of fatally shooting nine people at a historically black church in Charleston, S. C. in June 2015.
GO Watchdog: Hillary Clinton Violated State Dept. Policies By Using Private Email.
GO During her tenure as secretary of state, Hillary Clinton violated department policies when she used a personal email account to conduct official business, a new report from the Office of the Inspector General for the State Department found.
GO Germ Resistant To Antibiotic Of Last Resort Appears In U.S..
GO A germ that can’t be treated with an antibiotic that is often used as the last resort has shown up for the first time in the United States.
GO NASA’s Attempt To Inflate Its Expandable Space Module Fizzles.
GO NASA called off today’s effort to inflate an expandable module attached to the International Space Station after its first attempt fell flat.
GO How To Fix A Graduation Rate Of 1 In 10? Ask The Dropouts .
GO On San Jose State University’s lush   campus, students in their graduation gowns pose with their families in front of   buildings.
GO WATCH: Obama Lays Wreath At Tomb Of The Unknown Soldier .
GO Acknowledging the American service members who have lost their lives in war, President Obama laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery on Monday.
GO Animal Rights Group Calls For Federal Fines For Cincinnati Zoo .
GO An animal rights group is calling on the United States Department of Agriculture to fine the Cincinnati Zoo after it killed a gorilla named Harambe to protect a child who had climbed into its enclosure.
GO Musician Prince Died Of Accidental Overdose, Says Medical Examiner .
GO The iconoclast musician Prince died of a drug overdose, the Midwest Medical Examiner’s Office in Ramsey, Minn. has found.
GO Former AIG Chief Hank Greenberg Must Stand Trial For Fraud, N.Y. Court Rules .
GO Maurice ”Hank” Greenberg, who built AIG into an   powerhouse only to be forced out under pressure from regulators, must stand trial for accounting fraud, New York’s highest court has ruled.
GO China Machado, Breakthrough Model Until the End, Dies at 86 - The New York Times.
GO China Machado, one of the first   to appear in the pages of an American glossy fashion magazine and a model who helped break not only the race barrier but also the age barrier, died on Sunday in Brookhaven, N. Y. on Long Island.
GO Taking Fish Oil During Pregnancy Is Found to Lower Child’s Asthma Risk - The New York Times.
GO Women who took fish oil during the last three months of pregnancy significantly lowered the risk that their children would develop asthma, a study in Denmark has found.
GO Cancer Survivor Receives First Penis Transplant in the United States - The New York Times.
GO A man whose penis was removed because of cancer has received the first penis transplant in the United States, at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
GO Before Orlando Shooting, an Anti-Gay Massacre in New Orleans Was Largely Forgotten - The New York Times.
GO The terrorist attack that killed 49 and wounded 53 in Orlando, Fla. was the largest mass killing of gay people in American history, but before Sunday that grim distinction was held by a largely forgotten arson at a New Orleans bar in 1973 that killed 32 people at a time of pernicious   stigma.
GO New York Times Co. Reports a Loss, and a Fall in Digital Ad Revenue - The New York Times.
GO The New York Times Company posted a net loss for the second consecutive quarter, in part because of severance costs related to the closing of the company’s editing and prepress operations in Paris.
GO João Havelange, Who Built and Ruled World Soccer With Firm Hand, Dies at 100 - The New York Times.
GO João Havelange, the Brazilian businessman who built soccer into a   international enterprise over his 24 years as the autocratic head of the sport’s world governing body but who was later implicated in a scandal involving millions of dollars in kickbacks, died on Tuesday in Rio de Janeiro.
GO Mega-tsunamis in Mars’s ancient ocean shaped planet’s landscape.
GO   in an ancient ocean on Mars may have shaped the landscape and left deposits that hint at whether the planet was once habitable, researchers say.
GO Quentin Tarantino-produced film posts casting call for ’whores’.
GO A casting call for a new project produced by Quentin Tarantino has caused controversy after a Facebook post invited “whores” to apply.
GO Hoboken train crash: one data recorder was not working on day of accident.
GO National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) officials said on Sunday one data recorder recovered so far from the New Jersey Transit commuter train that crashed in Hoboken, killing one and injuring more than 100, was not functioning on the day of the accident.
GO Federal Reserve minutes show close call on September interest rate hike.
GO The Federal Reserve’s decision not to increase rates in September was a close call, the minutes released on Wednesday show.
GO José Mourinho sent to stands as Manchester United are held by Burnley.
GO As goalless draws go this was certainly eventful, with Manchester United going down to 10 men, José Mourinho being banished from the sidelines, Tom Heaton putting in another inspired goalkeeping performance and Burnley picking up their first away point of the season.
GO Donald Trump groping remarks reveal ’pattern of sexual assault’, says Kaine.
GO Donald Trump’s taped remarks about groping women and using his fame for sex are reflective of “a pattern of sexual assault” Hillary Clinton’s running mate, Tim Kaine, said Sunday.
GO Calls for Tyson Fury to be banned after antisemitic comments in video.
GO Boxer Tyson Fury has sparked further outrage after making homophobic, sexist and antisemitic comments in an   video rant.
GO Killing of Dallas gunman Micah Johnson city’s first police-related death this year.
GO When Dallas police killed the gunman Micah Johnson with a   robot Friday morning, Johnson became the first person killed by the city’s police in 2016.
GO Jo Cox killed in ’brutal, cowardly’ and politically motivated murder, trial hears.
GO The Labour MP Jo Cox was repeatedly shot and stabbed in a “brutal, cowardly” and politically motivated murder, the trial of the man accused of the killing was told on Monday.
GO Penn State plan to honor Joe Paterno prompts furious backlash.
GO Penn State’s athletic department on Thursday announced plans to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Joe Paterno’s first game as coach, a move that sparked backlash on social networks by people critical of Paterno’s role in the Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal.
GO Malaysia Airlines flight 370: possible wreckage found on Tanzanian island.
GO Aircraft wreckage potentially from missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has been found on an island off the east African coast, an Australian official said.
GO Thousands of Saudis sign petition to end male guardianship of women.
GO Thousands of Saudis have signed an online petition calling for the government to abolish the country’s guardianship system, which prevents women from engaging in fundamental tasks without the permission of a male relative.
GO US ​​Navy sailor jailed for taking photos of classified areas of nuclear submarine.
GO A US Navy sailor was sentenced on Friday to a year in prison for taking photos of classified areas inside a nuclear attack submarine while it was in port in Connecticut.
GO Marvel’s Doctor Strange cures struggling US box office as Trolls cast spell.
GO A strong batch of new films drew audiences to US theaters in large numbers this weekend, including Marvel’s Doctor Strange, the animated Trolls and Mel Gibson’s second world war drama Hacksaw Ridge, waking up a sleepy fall box office.
GO Tim Tebow says high concussion rate in football influenced turn to baseball.
GO Tim Tebow, the former NFL quarterback and Heisman Trophy winner who last week signed a minor league contract with the New York Mets, said the higher incidence of concussions in football influenced his choice to stop pursuing the sport professionally.
GO Ex-Fox News employee says Roger Ailes sexually exploited her for 20 years.
GO A former Fox News employee told New York magazine that ousted chairman Roger Ailes had sexually exploited and “psychologically tortured” her for more than 20 years.
GO 100 people feared drowned as boat sinks off Libya.
GO About 100 people are feared to have drowned off the coast of Libya after their smuggler abandoned them on the high seas without a motor, increasing the Mediterranean death toll this year to an unprecedented 4, 700.
GO Hurricane Matthew’s US death toll rises to 33 as flooding chaos continues.
GO The death toll from Hurricane Matthew in the United States climbed again on Tuesday as officials warned of a continuing threat from floodwaters still rising in several areas of North Carolina.
GO Bernie Sanders: I will vote for Hillary Clinton – to stop Donald Trump.
GO Bernie Sanders crossed a verbal watershed in his slow march toward conceding the Democratic nomination contest on Friday by confirming he would vote for Hillary Clinton in November’s election.
GO Tim Roth: my father and I were abused by my grandfather.
GO Tim Roth, the acclaimed British actor who rose to global fame with roles in Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction, has said that both he and his father were abused by his grandfather.
GO National guard soldiers told to pay back bonuses years after enlisting.
GO Thousands of soldiers in the California national guard, many of whom served active duty tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, are being asked to pay back large enlistment bonuses they received as much as 12 years ago.
GO Yet another car can be hacked – this time it’s the Mitsubishi Outlander hybrid.
GO A team of security researchers are calling on Mitsubishi to recall at least 100, 000 Outlander hybrid cars after exposing a security breach that allowed the hackers to remotely turn off the car’s alarm system, control the lights and drain the battery.
GO Guardian US wins Online Journalism award for The County series.
GO Guardian US has won an Online Journalism award for topical reporting, for the series The County.
GO ’Racist’ Gandhi statue banished from Ghana university campus.
GO A statue of Mahatma Gandhi will be removed from a university campus in Ghana after professors launched a petition claiming the revered Indian independence leader and thinker was racist.
GO How lobbyists made breakfast ’the most important meal of the day’.
GO Until very recently, common wisdom held that breakfast was the most important meal of the day.
GO Remember the ice bucket challenge? It just funded an ALS breakthrough.
GO It is often easy to dismiss viral charity campaigns as “slacktivism” which lacks in   impact (we never did catch the warlord Joseph Kony, after all) but a breakthrough discovery bankrolled by 2014’s ALS ice bucket challenge may give the lie to that cynicism.
GO Unmanned Russian spacecraft crashes to Earth in Siberia.
GO An unmanned Russian cargo spaceship has broken up in the atmosphere and crashed over Siberia en route to the International Space Station, according to Russia’s space agency.
GO Amber Rudd’s plan to force firms to reveal foreign staff numbers abandoned.
GO The government has abandoned plans to force businesses to reveal how many foreign staff they employ, following widespread condemnation and accusations that the policy was akin to tattooing workers “with numbers on their forearms”.
GO How the Chicago Cubs lost Game 7 of the World Series.
GO It’s a freezing cold October night in Cleveland, but the crowd are on fire for Game 7 of the World Series against the Cubs.
GO Obama like ’drug dealer-in-chief’ after Iran payment, says Republican senator.
GO Republican senator Mark Kirk said on Sunday that Barack Obama was “acting like the drug   ” when his administration used the delivery of a $400m payment to Iran as what it called “leverage”.
GO Evacuation preparations begin after new Aleppo ceasefire deal.
GO Preparations are under way for an evacuation of civilians and rebel fighters from east Aleppo after a new ceasefire deal was reached late on Wednesday following a day of violent bombardment and intense shuttle diplomacy.
GO American runner gored in the leg during Pamplona bull run.
GO An American was gored in the leg and five other runners were injured in the   running of the bulls at Pamplona’s San Fermín festival.
GO Gianni Infantino unveils plans to increase World Cup to 40 or 48 teams.
GO The Fifa president, Gianni Infantino, has defended his derided World Cup expansion plan and backed the idea of more than one country   the tournament in order to keep costs down.
GO Women’s March on Washington barred from Lincoln Memorial.
GO For the thousands hoping to echo the civil rights and   rallies at Lincoln Memorial by joining the women’s march on Washington the day after Donald Trump’s inauguration: time to readjust your expectations.
GO Witness to William Chapman shooting contradicts police officer’s account.
GO An unarmed black    in southern Virginia did not charge at a police officer before being fatally shot, a witness testified on Friday, contradicting the officer’s explanation for why he opened fire.
GO New York attorney general opens inquiry into Trump Foundation.
GO New York attorney general Eric Schneiderman has opened an inquiry into the conduct of the Donald J Trump Foundation, the personal charity of the Republican presidential nominee, a source familiar with the matter confirmed to the Guardian.
GO Hurricane Matthew: UN says 350,000 Haitians in need of assistance.
GO The destruction wrought by Hurricane Matthew has affected 350, 000 Haitians and left the country facing its worst humanitarian crisis since the devastating earthquake six years ago, the UN has said.
GO Women’s rights groups brace for Trump: ‘We are used to fighting impossible odds’.
GO Women and advocacy groups are preparing for the most serious assault on reproductive rights in decades after Hillary Clinton, the first female nominee of a major party, lost the presidential election to Donald Trump.
GO Fidel Castro: Justin Trudeau ridiculed over praise of ’remarkable leader’.
GO Justin Trudeau, the Canadian prime minister, has been mocked and criticised over his praise of the late Cuban leader Fidel Castro.
GO Hundreds of churches offer sanctuary to undocumented migrants after election.
GO Hundreds of churches in the US have said they are willing to provide sanctuary for undocumented migrants threatened with deportation following the election of Donald Trump as president.
GO Cuba to launch military exercises to prepare for ‘range of enemy actions’.
GO Cuba has announced the launch of five days of nationwide military exercises to prepare troops to confront what the government calls “a range of enemy actions”.
GO Turkey’s prime minister declares attempted coup is over.
GO Turkey’s prime minister, Binali Yıldırım, has declared an attempted coup by a military faction to be over, calling it a “black stain” on the country’s democracy and pledging harsh punishment for those involved.
GO Who, on the left or right, will stand up for Syria?.
GO The far left’s ideology is not “leftwing” in any sense that a socialist from the 19th or 20th centuries would have understood.
GO Flightless bird with giant head roamed swampy Arctic 53m years ago.
GO A giant, flightless bird with a head the size of a horse’s roamed the Arctic 53m years ago when the icy wilderness was more like a swamp, scientists have confirmed.
GO Oakland ’Ghost Ship’ warehouse had history of violations before deadly fire.
GO An Oakland warehouse in which a fire killed at least 24 people had a history of violations and complaints, city records show.
GO Donald Trump named as Time magazine’s person of the year.
GO In a fitting end to a year in which he dominated TV screens and front pages, Donald Trump has been named Time’s person of the year.
GO Kevin Hart to play Santa Claus in Disney film.
GO Comedian Kevin Hart is set to take on the role of Santa Claus in a new Christmas film made by Disney.
GO Is Caroline Shaw really the future of music?.
GO Decades before Caroline Shaw won the Pulitzer prize for music or collaborated with Kanye West, she was lulled to sleep nightly by her father’s baffling piano playing.
GO Thousands of Fight for 15 protesters rise up in 340 cities across the US.
GO Thousands of Fight for 15 supporters chanted, marched, sat in and got arrested in 340 cities across the US on Tuesday, declaring that they won’t back down no matter who is in the White House.
GO Mohamed Diamé guides Hull to Premier League past Sheffield Wednesday.
GO A golden goal for a team in gold: thus did Mohamed Diamé send Hull City back to the Premier League with a strike worth millions deep into this pulsating   final that ended with a deserved winner and the swaths of blue and white from south Yorkshire mulling over what might have been.
GO French presidential favourite says UK needs to leave EU quickly.
GO Alain Juppé, the favourite to win the French presidential election next year, has said Britain needs to leave the European Union as quickly as possible, arguing that a long period of uncertainty would be damaging to the markets and economic growth.
GO Tulsa police officer released on $50,000 bail in Terence Crutcher shooting.
GO The police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black man in Tulsa, Oklahoma, was charged with   manslaughter and released early on Friday morning after posting a $50, 000 bond.
GO Human lifespan has hit its natural limit, research suggests.
GO Humans are unlikely to ever blow out more than 125 candles on their birthday cake, according to research that suggests that our lifespan has already hit its natural limit.
GO Miss Teen USA will keep crown despite outcry over N-word tweets.
GO The new Miss Teen USA will get to keep her crown despite an outcry over tweets she once wrote using racist language.
GO Hillary Clinton sees post-convention boost over Trump, but will it last?.
GO A poll released on Saturday has given Hillary Clinton a   lead over Donald Trump, suggesting the Democratic nominee for president is enjoying a significant   boost.
GO Nick Kyrgios pulls out of Rotterdam Open to play in NBA celebrity game.
GO Nick Kyrgios has pulled out of the Rotterdam Open in February so he can play in the NBA   celebrity game instead, tournament director Richard Krajicek confirmed on Wednesday.
GO World on track to lose two-thirds of wild animals by 2020, major report warns.
GO The number of wild animals living on Earth is set to fall by   by 2020, according to a new report, part of a mass extinction that is destroying the natural world upon which humanity depends.
GO Central American migrants showing record levels of mental health problems.
GO Central American migrants are suffering from record levels of mental health problems, amid a rise in violent attacks after a   immigration crackdown forced them to use more perilous routes through Mexico.
GO Trump Taj Mahal closing after multiple bankruptcies and union strike.
GO It was billed as the “eighth wonder of the world” when it opened a   ago on the glitziest stretch of the Jersey shore, but after multiple bankruptcies and the longest union strike in Atlantic City casino history, the Trump Taj Mahal is about to go the way of the Colossus of Rhodes.
GO Rupert Murdoch set to lose $100m Theranos investment.
GO Rupert Murdoch is likely to lose nearly all of the $100m he invested in Theranos, the blood testing startup beset by scandals exposed by the Wall Street Journal, his flagship business newspaper.
GO Jacob Zuma is on the edge and in retreat.
GO The writing is on the wall for Jacob Zuma, South Africa’s embattled president, but will he heed it?
GO Michael Flynn said to be offered job of Trump national security adviser.
GO   Donald Trump has offered the job of national security adviser to Michael Flynn, a former military intelligence chief who has been a vocal critic of the Obama administration, according to a senior Trump official.
GO Obama administration offered $115b​n in weapons to Saudi Arabia: report.
GO The Obama administration has offered to sell $115bn worth of weapons to Saudi Arabia over its eight years in office, more than any previous US administration, according to a new report.
GO Chris Christie’s former aide testifies she told him about ’traffic study’ on bridge.
GO New Jersey’s governor Chris Christie’s former deputy chief of staff testified on Friday in her criminal trial that she told him about a traffic study on the George Washington Bridge before sending an email that it was “time for some traffic problems” which prosecutors say started a political revenge plot.
GO Anti-Trump protesters gear up for weekend demonstrations across the US.
GO Protesters across the US are gearing up for weekend demonstrations over the election of Donald Trump, as other activists begin work on plans to disrupt the Republican’s inauguration in Washington early next year.
GO Theresa May to warn UN of dangers of uncontrolled mass migration.
GO Theresa May is to tell the UN general assembly of the dangers of “uncontrolled mass migration” as it meets in New York to discuss how to help more than 21 million refugees around the world.
GO Rex Ryan fired as Buffalo Bills miss playoffs for 17th successive season.
GO Rex Ryan has paid the penalty after Buffalo’s NFL playoff drought extended to 17 seasons, with the Bills making the decision to fire their head coach on Tuesday.
GO Adele: I’m not doing Super Bowl halftime show.
GO The NFL have denied making an official offer to Adele to perform the Super Bowl halftime show.
GO US emissions set to miss 2025 target in Paris climate change deal, research finds.
GO The US is on course to miss its emissions reduction target agreed in the Paris climate accord nine months ago, with new research finding that the world’s largest historical emitter doesn’t currently have the policies in place to meet its pledge.
GO Cubs fire employee after Smack My Bitch Up played at Aroldis Chapman.
GO The Chicago Cubs have fired a DJ who played The Prodigy’s Smack My Bitch Up after reliever Aroldis Chapman left the mound against the St Louis Cardinals on Sunday.
GO Donald Trump and allies forced to answer questions about antisemitism.
GO Associations of antisemitism returned to shadow Donald Trump’s presidential campaign on Sunday, after the Republican and his allies, including a   general who was a   hopeful, were forced again to answer questions about supporters with explicitly bigoted views.
GO Republican delegate sues to avoid voting for Donald Trump at convention.
GO One of Virginia’s delegates to the Republican National Convention has filed a federal lawsuit in an effort to avoid voting for presumptive nominee Donald Trump at the party convention next month.
GO Biggest movie flops: Sacha Baron Cohen and Tina Fey top 2016 list.
GO Stars including Matthew McConaughey, Sacha Baron Cohen and Tina Fey have all featured in this year’s list of biggest movie flops.
GO Nice attack: French police arrest two more people with ties to attacker.
GO French police have arrested a man and a woman with ties to Mohamed   who killed 84 people and injured hundreds more on Thursday when he drove a truck at high speed into a crowd watching Bastille Day fireworks in Nice.
GO Oakland warehouse party fire leaves nine dead and 25 missing.
GO At least nine people were dead and 25 unaccounted for after a fire broke out during a party in a warehouse in Oakland, city officials said on Saturday.
GO Human rights groups vow to challenge burkini ban on Cannes beaches.
GO A French human rights association and Muslim groups have said they will take legal action against the mayor of Cannes for issuing a decree banning burkinis from the resort’s beaches.
GO New images of Jupiter offer glimpse into what lies under planet’s skin.
GO Nasa scientists have received their first glimpse of Jupiter’s north pole and the auroras rippling across its southern pole, with new images sent from the agency’s Juno spacecraft.
GO Police: No forced entry to building in jewel heist.
GO London (CNN) Police said Thursday that there was no sign of forced entry to a building in a spectacular holiday weekend heist of safe deposit boxes in the heart of London’s jewelry district.
GO South Carolina shooting: Funeral held for Walter Scott.
GO Charleston, South Carolina (CNN) Police officers Saturday accompanied the hearse carrying the body of Walter Scott to his South Carolina funeral service, where hundreds of mourners celebrated his life and death as a catalyst for change in America.
GO London police didn’t respond to burglar alarm.
GO London (CNN) British police investigating a spectacular heist in the heart of London’s jewelry district said Friday they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn’t respond.
GO Secret Service officer charged with burglary attempt.
GO Washington (CNN) An   member of the Uniformed Division of Secret Service was arrested Friday in Washington and charged with   attempted burglary, a felony, and one misdemeanor count for destruction of property, the D. C. Metropolitan Police Department reported.
GO O’Malley on Clinton: You’re inevitable until you’re not.
GO Des Moines, Iowa (CNN) Martin O’Malley told reporters in Iowa on Friday that inevitability    a term bandied about regarding Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton    is not unbreakable.
GO Why Obama flipped on Iran bill.
GO Washington (CNN) Over the past two weeks, President Barack Obama made a   press to persuade lawmakers to back his Iran diplomacy and abandon a bill giving Congress a say in any final deal.
GO Third suspect arrested in alleged Panama City gang rape.
GO Panama City Beach, Florida (CNN) A third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape that was videotaped on a crowded stretch of Panama City Beach, the Bay County, Florida, Sheriff’s Office said Wednesday.
GO Muslim migrants threw Christians overboard, police say.
GO Rome (CNN) Muslims who were among migrants trying to get from Libya to Italy in a boat this week threw 12 fellow passengers overboard    killing them    because the 12 were Christians, Italian police said Thursday.
GO Why Hillary Clinton is going after hedge fund managers.
GO New York (CNN) Hillary Clinton’s got a problem with hedge fund managers    or at least with the way they’re taxed.
GO Rap mogul Suge Knight ordered to stand trial for murder.
GO Los Angeles (CNN) Former rap mogul Marion ”Suge” Knight was ordered Thursday to stand trial for murder and other charges stemming from a deadly    confrontation on the movie set of the biopic ”Straight Outta Compton” earlier this year.
GO ISIS motorbike bomber kills 33 at bank in Afghanistan.
GO Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) A suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad early Saturday, a local government spokesman said.
GO Architizer 2015 A+ Awards: What are the world’s coolest new buildings?.
GO Architecture website Architizer has just announced the winners of its 3rd annual A+ Awards, highlighting the best new building designs from around the world.
GO FBI’s most wanted domestic terrorists.
GO Click through to see the FBI’s   domestic terrorists.
GO First on CNN: Jeb Bush distances himself from Baker.
GO New York (CNN) Jeb Bush on Thursday sought to distance himself from former Secretary of State James Baker, one of his foreign policy advisers, saying in a   meeting that he doesn’t believe Baker should have recently addressed the   Israel advocacy group J Street.
GO Freddie Gray death: 12 arrested during protests.
GO Baltimore, Maryland (CNN) Protesters angry over the death of Freddie Gray got into physical altercations with police Saturday night in downtown Baltimore near the city’s famed baseball stadium.
GO At least 30 graves found in southern Thailand.
GO Bangkok (CNN) At least 30 graves containing human remains have been found in a ”detention camp” in southern Thailand, along with a lone male survivor, Thai authorities said.
GO Bernie Sanders raises $1.5 million in 24 hours.
GO Washington (CNN) Bernie Sanders’ nascent presidential campaign announced Friday that it raised more than $1.
GO Police: Jimmy Savile abused 22 students at school.
GO London (CNN) At least 22 pupils and a visitor at a former school for troubled girls in southeast England were sexually abused by the late British TV star Jimmy Savile in the 1970s, a report by Surrey police has concluded.
GO Cruz: Obama has ’inflamed’ racial tensions.
GO Washington (CNN) Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz said on Wednesday that President Barack Obama had ”inflamed racial tensions” during his time in office.
GO NYPD officer who was shot in head dies.
GO New York (CNN) A    New York Police officer who was shot while on duty over the weekend has died, officials said Monday.
GO Afghan court sentences 4 to death for killing woman accused of burning Quran.
GO Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) An Afghan judge sentenced four men to death Wednesday in the mob killing of a woman accused of burning the Quran in March.
GO Could you govern the UK?.
GO London (CNN) Traditionally, the British liked their politics simple: There were two big parties, one or the other won most of the seats in the House of Commons at election time, and the party leader became prime minister.
GO Scandal-hit Brazilian leader Temer picks new justice minister.
GO    Brazilian President Michel Temer on Sunday named a new justice minister, placing a respected legal figure in the position as the leader defends himself against corruption allegations.
GO Planned Parenthood President Heads to Nevada to Campaign for Hillary After Crushing New Hampshire Defeat - Breitbart.
GO Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards is in Nevada, ready to campaign for Hillary Clinton, even after Bernie Sanders beat Clinton by 11 points among women in New Hampshire.
GO Matthews: ’I Don’t Get Hillary’s Foreign Policy’ On Iraq War, Libya, and Syria - Breitbart.
GO MSNBC’s “Hardball” host Chris Matthews stated that he doesn’t get Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s foreign policy with regards to the Iraq War, Libya, and Syria on Tuesday.
GO Ben Stiller Reveals Battle with Prostate Cancer.
GO   Ben Stiller revealed he was diagnosed with prostate cancer two years ago and underwent surgery to be treated for the disease in an interview with Howard Stern on Tuesday.
GO Ted Cruz to Donald Trump: ‘Donald You’re a Sniveling Coward and Leave Heidi the Hell Alone’ - Breitbart.
GO In the continuing wife battle between top two 2016 Republican presidential contenders Sen. Ted Cruz and Donald Trump, Cruz is slamming Trump for a late night Tweet aimed at Heidi Cruz.
GO NYT: Wealthy Saudis Are Funding Both Sides of Taliban War.
GO The New York Times makes a strong case that the most important player in Afghanistan’s future is not the United States, but Saudi Arabia, because Saudis are funding both sides of Afghanistan’s endless civil war.
GO Geller: On Trump and the Jews, David Horowitz Is Right - Breitbart.
GO David Horowitz is under heavy fire from the Republican establishment for his article “Bill Kristol: Republican Spoiler, Renegade Jew,” in which he points out that, as the presumptive Republican nominee, Donald Trump is “the only obstacle to the party of Obama and Hillary and Huma Abedin, of the Iran deal and the appeasement of Islamic   beginning with the Hamas terrorists of Gaza and the Fatah terrorists of the West Bank.
GO Paul Nehlen: ’We Wouldn’t Even Have Borders’ If It Was Up To Paul Ryan - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on CNN’s, “At This Hour,” Speaker of the House Paul Ryan’s Republican primary opponent businessman Paul Nehlen said, “We wouldn’t even have borders” if it were up to Ryan.
GO CUBAN: Why Aren’t Drudge and Breitbart Considered ’Elite Media’?-Business Insider - Breitbart.
GO Oliver Darcy writes at the Business Insider:   Billionaire investor Mark Cuban questioned Friday why the Drudge Report and Breitbart aren’t characterized as “elite media” organizations, noting the outlets have a larger readership than many traditional newspapers.
GO Gun Control Is Focus of Arne Duncan’s Final Speech.
GO Arne Duncan gave his final speech as education secretary on December 30, expressing his “frustration” that Congress has not passed more gun control and his hope that more such control will be secured to keep school children safe.
GO WAPO: Police Officer’s Shooting Spree Shows Need for National Gun Registry - Breitbart.
GO On May 12, The Washington Post’s editorial board contended that the shooting spree carried out by federal police officer Eulalio Tordil on May 5 and 6 highlights the need for a national gun registry.
GO Actor Denis O’Hare: ’Coming Out As a Hillary Supporter’ in Hollywood is Harder Than Coming Out As Gay - Breitbart.
GO Actor Denis O’Hare, star of ABC drama The Good Wife and FX horror anthology American Horror Story, told MSNBC’s Chris Matthews Wednesday that publicly supporting Hillary Clinton is harder in Hollywood than it was when he came out as a gay man.
GO John Daly: Trump Will Do More for All Races Than Obama - Breitbart.
GO In a conversation with TMZ Sports, golf legend John Daly said he believes friend and   Donald Trump will do more for all races than President Barack Obama.
GO Michael Moore: Americans Need Protection from ’Pedophile’ Trump.
GO In an interview this weekend to promote his latest film, Michael Moore in TrumpLand, the liberal documentary filmmaker says that anyone voting for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is a “legal terrorist” who wants to “blow up the old way,” and contends that Americans need to be protected from Trump as if he were a pedophile.
GO Jerry Brown Vetoes Bill to Improve High-Speed Rail Oversight.
GO California Governor Jerry Brown vetoed a bill Wednesday that would have increased financial oversight of the state’s   rail project, which aims to connect San Francisco to Los Angeles but lacks the necessary funds and rights of way.
GO Dr. Drew Still ’Worried’ About Hillary’s Health Treatment - Breitbart.
GO On this week’s “Adam and Dr. Drew Show” podcast,   Dr. Drew Pinsky said he is still “worried” about Hillary Clinton’s health treatment, echoing what the former HLN “Dr.
GO EXCLUSIVE - Jackie Mason On Trump: ‘Israel Is His Favorite Thing’.
GO During a radio interview on Sunday, legendary standup comic and staunch Israel supporter Jackie Mason took issue with Sen. Ted Cruz’s attacks on opponent Donald Trump concerning the billionaire’s positions on Iran and Israel during the most recent debate.
GO Rob Reiner: Trump’s Comments Dangerous Because His Followers Have ’Violent Nature’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday night on “CNN Tonight,” while discussing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s comments about the Second Amendment and his opponent, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, former actor and director Rob Reiner said the real danger in Trump’s words are that his followers “have a violent nature, and a violent streak.
GO Beckel: Hillary Could Crush Trump ‘From Jail’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday night on CNN, political commentator Bob Beckel said that Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton could beat Republican presidential   Donald Trump even if she ends up in prison as a result of the FBI investigation into her handling of classified material on an unsecured email server in her home, during her tenure as secretary of state.
GO Ingraham: Rubio Had ’A Rick Perry Moment’ In Feud With ICE Officer - Breitbart.
GO Talk radio host Laura Ingraham argued Senator Marco Rubio ( ) had “a Rick Perry” moment during his dispute with ICE officer Chris Crane on Tuesday.
GO Caddell: 2/3 Think Hillary Clinton ’Not Telling The Truth’.
GO During his Wednesday morning appearance on Breitbart News Daily, on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 with hosts Stephen K. Bannon and Alex Marlow, veteran political strategist Pat Caddell said of Hillary Clinton, “I think she has probably as deep a credibility problem as has ever existed at the presidential level.
GO Ryan on Trump Claim He’s Weak on Immigration: I’m for Border Enforcement, Control - ‘Not for Amnesty’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday on CNN’s “The Lead,” House Speaker Paul Ryan was asked by host Jake Tapper to react to remarks from Republican presidential   Donald Trump that he is weak on immigration and on securing the border in addition to being for amnesty.
GO Jared Fogle Left Bloodied After Prison Yard Beatdown - Breitbart.
GO Former Subway pitchman and convicted pedophile Jared Fogle was reportedly left bloodied and bruised after getting assaulted in the recreation yard of the prison where he is currently serving a   sentence.
GO North Korea Fires Another Missile to Protest South Korea-U.S. Drills.
GO The government of North Korea has once again fired   ballistic missiles into the sea as a form of protest against new United Nations sanctions against Pyongyang and a   military training exercise being conducted by American and South Korean troops.
GO State Department Admits It ’Lost’ Clinton Foundation Email.
GO The State Department has admitted it lost a 2012 email between Hillary Clinton aide Jake Sullivan and a Clinton Foundation employee, which may demonstrate a financial conflict of interest for the former secretary of state.
GO Hillary: Trump, Cruz Are ‘in Over Their Heads’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on the campaign trail in New York, Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton went on the offensive against Republican presidential hopefuls Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ).
GO Breitbart’s Klein: Iran ‘On the March’ Obama ‘Nowhere’ To Be Found - Breitbart.
GO Iran is “on the march” while President Obama’s foreign policy is “nowhere” to be found, opined Breitbart Jerusalem bureau chief Aaron Klein in a radio interview.
GO Petitions to Free Convicted Murderer in Netflix’s ’Making a Murderer’ Series Signed by Nearly 200K.
GO A pair of petitions calling for the release of Steven Avery, subject of Netflix’s new true crime series Making a Murderer, from prison have garnered nearly 200, 000 signatures from fans who believe the man was wrongly convicted of murder.
GO Heilemann: ‘Breitbart Matters a Lot - Being in a Fight with Breitbart Is No Good for Donald Trump’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on Bloomberg’s “With All Due Respect” airing on MSNBC,   John Heilemann warned that in the wake of allegations Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields was assaulted by Corey Lewandowski, the campaign manager for Republican presidential   Donald Trump, at a Trump event in Jupiter, FL on Tuesday, it was   for the Trump campaign as a whole to be in a fight with Breitbart.
GO Debbie Wasserman Schultz On Trump: ’You Can’t Fix Ugly When It Is On The Inside’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday at a rally for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in Coral Springs, FL, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was “ugly” on the inside.
GO AG Lynch Explains Obama’s Gun-Control: Gov’t Looking For ’Individuals Who Seek To Avoid Registering’.
GO “We will be looking for those individuals who seek to avoid registering,” Attorney General Loretta Lynch told reporters following a Jan. 4 meeting with President Obama regarding executive gun control.
GO Photos: LG to Unveil Flexible Screen That Can Be Rolled Up Like Paper - Breitbart.
GO Korean electronics manufacturer LG Electronics will show off a new screen at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) that is so thin and flexible that it can be rolled up like a sheet of paper.
GO Bernie Sanders: Bill Clinton’s Affair with Monica Was ’Disgraceful’ - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential challenger Sen. Bernie Sanders blasted Bill Clinton’s extramarital affair with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky during a campaign stop in Iowa Friday.
GO Cruz Super PAC Chair Kellyanne Conway: ‘Cruz Wants Trump All to Himself’ to Debate ‘Whose Brand of Conservative Populism’ Can Win - Breitbart.
GO Pollster Kellyanne Conway, the president of the Ted   Super PAC “Keep the Promise,” explained to Breitbart News Daily what she sees as the Cruz campaign’s   strategy to knock   candidate Marco Rubio out of the primary so that Cruz can have a    race with GOP frontrunner Donald Trump that focuses on “whose brand of conservative populism” can win.
GO Tony Nash: China Understands Trump’s Nationalist Rhetoric - Breitbart.
GO   international financial analyst Tony Nash tells SiriusXM Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon about the relationship between China and a potential President Donald Trump, who has accused China’s trade policies of “raping America.
GO Tennessee Police Officer Killed Responding to Domestic Violence Call.
GO A Marysville, Tennessee, police officer became the 78th officer to die this year in the line of duty when he was shot and killed while responding to a domestic violence call.
GO NBC’s Neely: Kerry Speech ’Firing a Flare’ ’Across Israel’ He Wanted To Give It ’For Some Time’ But WH Blocked It - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” NBC News Chief Global Correspondent Bill Neely characterized Secretary of State John Kerry’s earlier speech asa speech Kerry has wanted to give “for some time, but was more less blocked by the White House,” and “a warning, firing a flare, if you like, across Israel, to try to show Israelis that that   solution, and indeed Israel’s own security is jeopardized.
GO Trump: Hillary ’Should Get an Award From Them as the Founder of ISIS’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday at a rally in Daytona Beach, FL, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton “should get an award from them as the founder of ISIS.
GO Advanced Placement Tests To Hide History of Religion and Islamic Jihad in Europe - Breitbart.
GO The new curriculum for the Advanced Placement European History test hides the role of Christianity in European history, and also hides Islam’s violent conquests in Europe and its tradition of jihad.
GO Matthews on New Mexico Trump Protesters: ’I Don’t Think They’re That Violent’ - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday, MSNBC’s “Hardball” host Chris Matthews stated of the unrest outside presumptive GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump’s rally in New Mexico, “I don’t think they’re that violent.
GO Apologize For What? Curt Schilling Stands Strong Against Left on Transgender Bathroom Comments - Breitbart.
GO Curt Schilling, the   Red Sox ace pitcher, appeared on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM 125 The Patriot Channel with host and Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon on Friday morning to make absolutely clear he is not backing down to the left over his transgender bathroom comments.
GO Rage Against the Machine Guitarist to Launch Anti-TPP Roadshow - Breitbart.
GO Rage Against the Machine guitarist and political activist Tom Morello will headline a nationwide concert tour to protest the Obama administration’s controversial   Partnership (TPP) international trade deal.
GO How the Democrats Are Disarming Us.
GO According to a Gallup poll taken the week after the atrocity in Orlando, only 29 percent of Democrats thought this was an Islamic terror attack.
GO ’Jesus 2016 is a Refugee in a Boat’, Says Catholic Bishop.
GO Nestled in a boat for a crib with a   Christmas star, the infant Jesus was given a “contemporary face” by an Austrian Catholic bishop who claimed that “Jesus 2016 is a refugee in a boat”.
GO Two Dozen Minors Treated for Alcohol Poisoning at Snoop Dogg Concert - Breitbart.
GO The latest stop on Snoop Dogg and Wiz Khalifa‘s “High Road Tour” saw nearly a dozen underage revelers rushed to the hospital for alcohol poisoning and more than 50 people removed from the Nikon at Jones Beach Amphitheater in Wantagh, New York Tuesday night.
GO Former Congressman Banned from Seminar over ’Islamophobia’.
GO Fred Grandy ( ) a former Republican Congressman and actor, has been ​disinvited​ from hosting a seminar series on “Politics in Media” this winter at New Hampshire’s prestigious Phillips Exeter Academy, after individuals involved with the school raised concerns about his “Islamophobic ties.
GO Donald Trump Misspeaks, Calls 9-11 - 7-Eleven - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump misspoke during a campaign rally at First Niagara Center in Buffalo, New York in front of thousands of supporters.
GO Marco Rubio: ‘Jeb Bush Has No Foreign Policy Experience’ - Breitbart.
GO Ahead of the South Carolina presidential primary, Marco Rubio pointed out that former Florida governor Jeb Bush lacks foreign policy experience.
GO Paul Ryan: I Can’t Support Donald Trump … Right Now - Breitbart.
GO Speaker of the House Paul Ryan asserted that he was unable to support Donald Trump as the Republican nominee until he started acting more like a conservative and started uniting the party.
GO Report: Asian-Americans Drifting from Republican Party.
GO A new report from the National Asian American Survey reveals that   are continuing to drift away from the Republican Party after decades of staunch support as the party’s most reliable ethnic minority group.
GO Donald Trump Tweets At Elizabeth Warren: ’Pocahontas is at it Again’ - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is firing back after a recent attack by Democrat Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Twitter, shrugging off her criticism by saying, “Pocahontas is at it again!
GO Exclusive - Rep. Buchanan: Obama Must Stop Syrian Refugee Surge Now - Breitbart.
GO Rep. Vern Buchanan ( ) tells Breitbart News he is stunned by the irresponsible conduct of President Barack Obama and his 10, 000 Syrian refugee scheme, and he wants it stopped.
GO Free Syrian Army ‘Spymaster’: CIA Ignored Islamic State Intel.
GO The “spymaster” of the Free Syrian Army (FSA) considered a key moderate Syrian rebel group, has accused the CIA of “ignoring” detailed intelligence since 2013 that could have prevented the rise of the Islamic State ( ).
GO Rick Perry Beats Ted Cruz in New 2018 Senate Primary Poll.
GO Former Texas Governor Rick Perry beats U. S. Senator Ted Cruz in a hypothetical 2018 GOP senate primary poll published Thursday.
GO Gavin Newsom Blames NRA for Baton Rouge Police Shootings.
GO California Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom responded Sunday to the shooting deaths of three Baton Rouge police officers by blaming “the firearms industry, its spokespeople at the National Rifle Association, and their paid subsidiaries.
GO L.A. Students to Walk out of School in anti-Trump Protest Monday.
GO Students in the Los Angeles Unified School District are planning to walk out of classes on Monday in protest against the election of Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States.
GO Michael Bloomberg Confirms He Is Weighing ’All the Options’ for Presidential Run - Breitbart.
GO   proponent Michael Bloomberg told the Financial Times Feb. 8 that he is weighing “all the options” for a presidential run.
GO Colbert: It ‘Wouldn’t Hurt’ for Trump to Read the Constitution - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” comedian and host of the network’s   program Stephen Colbert sarcastically recommended   Donald Trump should read the Constitution.
GO Ray Lewis Blasts Black Lives Matter for Ignoring Black-on-Black Crime.
GO Former Baltimore Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis is excoriating the Black Lives Matter movement for its silence about the rising rates of    crime.
GO Wisconsin Man Arrested For Harassing Sheriff David Clarke During Flight - Breitbart.
GO A Wisconsin man was arrested for allegedly harassing Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. a supporter of Donald Trump, for two hours on a flight from Milwaukee to Charlotte Saturday.
GO Trump’s Populist/Nationalist Revolt Began with ‘The Greatest Generation’ - Breitbart.
GO Former NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw agrees with Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon, who asserts that the sentiment behind the   revolt that has catapulted Donald Trump to the Republican presidential nomination has its origins in the “can do”   and independence captured in the former anchor’s book, The Greatest Generation.
GO Jonathan Allen: Tim Kaine Compared Trump, Trump Supporters to Slave Owners - Breitbart.
GO Roll Call columnist Jonathan Allen, during Saturday’s “Who Won the Week” segment on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” awarded Hillary Clinton’s running mate Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) as his winner of the week after Kaine compared Donald Trump and his supporters to slave owners at a Florida AM University rally Friday.
GO Early-absentee voters can still change ballots in at least four states.
GO At least four states allow voters to change or cancel their   ballots, including battlegrounds Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.
GO Mosul Today: IS counterattacks from populated zones.
GO Here is a look at the main developments on the 19th day of the Mosul Offensive: COUNTERATTACK, Islamic State group fighters launched counterattacks in the thin strip of territory Iraqi special forces have recaptured, emerging from populated areas deeper in the city to target the troops with mortars and suicide car bombs.
GO Authorities: Body found on rural South Carolina property is boyfriend of woman found chained in a storage container.
GO A woman who was found chained ”like a dog” in a rural South Carolina shed told authorities she watched her alleged kidnapper shoot her boyfriend who vanished with her in late August, investigators said Friday.
GO Obama: Trump committed to NATO alliance; Dems should reflect on election loss.
GO   Calling the office of the presidency “bigger than any one person,” President Obama on Monday said the influence America has on a global scale will not be erased by the outcome of one election and added that Donald Trump told him the U. S. would reaffirm its commitment to the NATO alliance.
GO President-elect Trump completes first intelligence briefing.
GO     Donald Trump completed his first presidential daily intelligence briefing on Tuesday, a senior Trump aide confirmed to Fox News.
GO Two years after U.S.-born journalist dies in Turkey, a question lingers: How did it happen?.
GO   It was supposed to be Serena Shim’s last assignment inside Turkey reporting for an Iranian news agency when the   journalist died in what her family claims was a ”targeted hit.” Two years after Shim’s October 2014 death, her family is renewing its call for the U. S. government to investigate her case    claiming the    mother from Michigan was deliberately driven off the road in a staged car accident.
GO Report: Medicaid enrollment, costs swell under ObamaCare expansion.
GO   Adult enrollment in ObamaCare’s Medicaid expansion has more than doubled expectations in states across the country    pointing to ballooning costs that threaten budget dollars for priorities like education and infrastructure, according to a report released Wednesday by The Foundation for Government Accountability.
GO FOX News Channel to debut ’OBJECTified: Donald Trump’ special.
GO   FOX News Channel will air a   special called ”OBJECTified: Donald Trump” Friday.
GO Some New York City students allowed to skip class to join in Trump protests.
GO Sources told the New York Post reported that about 200 kids from Beacon High School in Manhattan joined other students in the city to demonstrate in front of Trump Tower.
GO San Francisco teachers union offers anti-Trump lesson plan.
GO   The union representing San Francisco’s public school teachers is circulating a classroom lesson plan that calls   Donald Trump a racist and sexist man.
GO Under fire for conflicts, Trump backs off Clinton prosecution.
GO UNDER FIRE FOR CONFLICTS, TRUMP BACKS OFF CLINTON PROSECUTION Of all the days for Donald Trump’s top spokeswoman to announce that the   was dropping his call to prosecute former rival Hillary Clinton, today was an interesting choice.
GO Repo man pays off elderly couple’s car, gives it back.
GO   An elderly Illinois couple has something to be thankful for after a repo man who took their car had a change of heart and helped them get it paid off.
GO Trump could reverse Obama’s actions on college sexual assault.
GO Beginning in 2011, the Obama administration’s U. S. Education Department began pressing colleges to more aggressively police sexual assaults.
GO Acting AG Orders Justice Department Not To Defend Trump’s Immigration Order.
GO Acting Attorney General Sally Yates ordered the Department of Justice on Monday not to defend President Donald Trump’s executive order temporarily barring visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries.
GO Rubio: State Department Not Talking To My Staff About Travel Ban.
GO Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said that his staff was trying to seek additional details about President Trump’s executive order on immigration, but they were told by the State Department that the agency had been ordered not to share information with Congress.
GO Do Republicans Remember When They Promised They’d Be A Check On Trump?.
GO When   Donald Trump was stirring controversy after controversy from the stump, GOP lawmakers, wary of his proposals, vowed that they would be a check on Trump’s most troubling ideas.
GO Trump Admin Considering Plan To Target Immigrants Receiving Public Assistance.
GO President Donald Trump’s administration is considering a plan to deny admission to the United States to immigrants who would likely require public assistance, and set standards for deporting those already in the country who ”become a public charge,” according to two leaked draft executive orders.
GO Ryan Won’t Discuss Report That Hill Staffers Helped With Immigration Order.
GO During a press conference on Capitol Hill Tuesday morning, House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) would not discuss a report revealing that staffers on the House Judiciary Committee helped with President Donald Trump’s executive order barring immigrants from several predominantly Muslim countries.
GO Imam: Detroit Man Lied, Mom Died Before Trump Travel Ban Was Imposed.
GO A Detroit man who told a local news station that his mother died in Iraq after President Donald Trump’s travel ban prevented her from reentering the U. S. actually died several days before those restrictions were imposed, his imam told WJBK.
GO Sean Spicer Won’t Elaborate On What Iran Being ’On Notice’ Means.
GO White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer wouldn’t expand Thursday on what President Donald Trump’s national security advisor meant when he said the U. S. was putting Iran “on notice.
GO Yeah, There’s an App for That.
GO In all of Trump’s bullying of US corporations, threats of erecting 35% tariffs on goods either from various countries or on specific US corporations, one thing that strikes me is this: In many ways, this is just industrial policy, only done in the stupidest possible way.
GO McCain: I Called Australian Ambassador To Express ’Unwavering Support’.
GO Sen. John McCain ( ) said in a statement released Thursday that he called Australia’s ambassador to express his ”unwavering support” for the country’s alliance with the United States, after a report came out Wednesday that President Donald Trump berated the Australian prime minister during a phone call the same day.
GO Fox News: DHS Secretary Says Parts Of Border Wall Will Be ’See Through’.
GO Fox News reported Thursday morning that Department of Homeland Security Secretary Gen. John Kelly said that parts of President Donald Trump’s border wall would be transparent.
GO Uber CEO Steps Down From Trump Economic Advisory Council.
GO The CEO of Uber has announced to his employees that he will step down from President Donald Trump’s economic advisory council, according to an email obtained by TPM Thursday.
GO McCain: Having Mexico Pay For Border Wall ‘Is Not A Viable Option’.
GO Sen. John McCain ( ) said Friday that having Mexico pay for President Donald Trump’s proposed border wall was “not a viable option.
GO Schumer: Trump’s Attack On Judge Raises Bar For His SCOTUS Nominee.
GO Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer vowed to fight President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee after the President lashed out at the federal judge who blocked his executive order suspending the country’s refugee program and temporarily barring visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries.
GO CNN: ’We Passed’ On Having Kellyanne Conway On Sunday Show.
GO CNN said that it ”passed” on having top Donald Trump aide Kellyanne Conway appear on the network’s ”State of the Union” program on Sunday.
GO On Trump, Keep it Simple (In 5 Points).
GO After a tumultuous and chaotic two weeks of the Trump presidency, we are now seeing a new raft of   articles ranging from ’Does Trump Even Want to Succeed as President?’ to ’How Trump Has Everyone Just Where He Wants Them and Is Kicking Ass.’ We should all bear in mind that while generally unpopular, Trump has extremely high levels of approval among Republican voters and continues to maintain near lockstep allegiance from congressional Republicans.
GO John Yoo: ’Even I Have Grave Concerns’ About Trump’s Use Of Executive Power.
GO Conservative lawyer John Yoo, a Justice Department official under President George W. Bush who authored the   ”torture memos,” wrote in a New York Times   Monday that he had ”grave concerns” about President Trump’s use of executive power.
GO Sean Spicer: ’Sad’ That Judge Who Blocked Trump Travel Ban Went ’Rogue’.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Monday that a federal judge went ”rogue” by blocking President Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration.
GO Is Donald Trump Slow Rolling Obamacare Repeal and Replace?.
GO President Donald Trump gave an indication Sunday that Republicans may be behind when it comes to Obamacare repeal and replace, and they may not finish it until 2018.
GO Kellyanne Conway Breaks With Trump: ’I Don’t Think CNN Is Fake News’.
GO White House adviser Kellyanne Conway said in an interview Tuesday that she doesn’t think CNN is ”fake news,” contradicting her boss’ repeated allegations to the contrary.
GO House Freedom Caucus-er Mark Sanford To Offer An Obamacare Replacement.
GO Rep. Mark Sanford ( ) is working on his own Obamacare replacement plan that the House Freedom Caucus will be considering in the days to come, Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) the chair of the conservative group, told reporters Tuesday.
GO GOP Sen. Ben Sasse Says No Branch Of Government Should Attack Another.
GO Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) responded Tuesday to President Donald Trump s attacks on a federal judge by saying that no branch of the government should attack any other.
GO Spicer: Nordstrom Dropping Ivanka Trump’s Line Is ’Direct Attack’ On Prez.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday that Nordstrom’s decision to stop carrying Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessories line is an attack on the president’s policies and his daughter.
GO Sen. Chuck Schumer Says Steve Bannon Has ’Too Much Influence’.
GO Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said in an interview published Wednesday that President Donald Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon has ”far too much” influence and ”seems to be the strongest person” in Trump’s orbit.
GO Senate Votes To Confirm Sessions As Trump’s Attorney General.
GO The Senate voted on Wednesday to confirm Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) as President Donald Trump’s attorney general.
GO Spicer: Questioning Success Of Yemen Raid Does ’Disservice’ To KIA Commando.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday that anybody questioning the success of a counterterrorism raid in Yemen is doing ”a disservice” to the U. S. commando killed during the operation.
GO What The GOP’s Obamacare Debate Is Really About.
GO The key thing to understanding the debate over health care policy in the United States is that it’s not really about health care policy, it’s about money.
GO Trump Meeting With Intel CEO Turns Into Product Announcement From Oval Office.
GO President Donald Trump’s meeting with Intel CEO Brian Krzanich turned into a product announcement with a presidential touch on Wednesday when Krzanich promoted the corporation’s new investments while standing in the Oval Office.
GO Reports: White House Cybersecurity Officer Abruptly Removed From Position.
GO White House chief information security officer Cory Louie was abruptly removed from his post last Thursday, according to multiple reports.
GO Gorka’s Role In Boston Bombing Trial More Limited Than His Bio Suggests.
GO White House aide Sebastian Gorka’s involvement in the trial of Boston Marathon bomber Dzokhar Tsarnaev was more limited than his professional biography indicates, according to a Friday report from Fusion.
GO Chaffetz Said He Believes Town Hall Protestors Were Paid, Not From Utah.
GO Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) said that the thousands of protestors who swarmed his town hall on Thursday night were not actually from his state and were ”paid” to protest, the Deseret News reported Friday.
GO Sanders Defiant After West Virginia Armory Canceled Town Hall.
GO Sen. Bernie Sanders was defiant in reaction to an abruptly cancelled town hall scheduled to be held Monday morning in West Virginia.
GO Trump’s Official Inauguration Portrait Merch Had A Glaring Typo.
GO The official inauguration portrait of President Donald Trump sold by the Library of Congress had a glaring typo in the very first sentence.
GO Obama’s WH Photographer Takes Apparent Digs At Trump On Instagram.
GO President Barack Obama’s former official White House photographer took to Instagram in the tumultuous first weeks of President Donald Trump’s administration to share some pointedly topical images from Obama’s time in office.
GO Rand Paul Says It Wouldn’t Be ’Useful’ To Probe Flynn’s Calls With Ambassador.
GO Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said Tuesday that he didn’t think it would be ”useful” to investigate conversations between former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and a Russian ambassador that led to Flynn’s resignation.
GO White House Official: Flynn Was Asked To Resign.
GO Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was asked to resign, a White House official told TPM on Tuesday.
GO Trump Fires Acting Attorney General Who Wouldn’t Defend Travel Ban.
GO The White House announced Monday that it had fired Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, who had reportedly ordered the Department of Justice not to defend the controversial immigration executive order President Trump signed Friday.
GO Key House Chairman Says He Won’t Order Treasury To Release Trump’s Taxes.
GO House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady ( ) said that he will not order the Treasury Department to provide President Donald Trump’s tax returns to his committee.
GO Ethics Office Calls On White House To Probe Conway’s Promo Of Ivanka’s Biz.
GO The Office of Government Ethics sent a letter Monday to the White House calling on it to investigate whether Kellyanne Conway broke ethics rules by promoting Ivanka Trump’s business on television and to consider disciplining Conway.
GO Spicer Blames DOJ For Flynn Controversy: ’Why Did It Take So Long?’.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer blamed the Justice Department on Tuesday for the   controversy surrounding former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s conversations with Russia’s ambassador to the U. S. ”This idea of why did it take so long, I think the first question should be where was the Department of Justice in this?” Spicer said during his daily press briefing.
GO Sen. Susan Collins Announces She Will Vote Against Pruitt For EPA.
GO Sen. Susan Collins ( ) announced she would vote “no” on the confirmation of EPA   Scott Pruitt.
GO Conway: Trump Administration Is ‘Very Concerned’ About Leaks.
GO White House counselor Kellyanne Conway said Tuesday night that the White House was “very concerned” about leaks coming from government officials about members of President Donald Trump’s administration.
GO Flynn’s Access To Classified Information Has Been Suspended.
GO Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s access to classified information was suspended, the Defense Intelligence Agency said Wednesday, pending a review of his compliance with “applicable security clearance directives.” James Kudla, a public affairs officer for the Defense Intelligence Agency, told TPM by phone Wednesday that Flynn’s access to classified information had been suspended pending further review.
GO Bannon ’Livid’ With Breitbart For Report Suggesting Priebus Is On His Way Out.
GO White House chief strategist Steve Bannon said Wednesday that he was ”livid” with Breitbart News for publishing a report suggesting that President Donald Trump’s chief of staff Reince Priebus could lose his job.
GO Police Chief: No, We Weren’t Concerned About GOP Rep’s Safety At Town Hall.
GO A California police chief on Wednesday undermined a Republican congressman’s claim that a rowdy crowd outside a recent town hall forced him to leave the event after police told him he was endangered by the “deteriorating” situation.
GO Trump: ’I Am The Least Anti-Semitic Person You’ve Ever Seen’.
GO President Donald Trump said Thursday that he finds questions about whether his administration has incited   acts ”insulting” and that he is ”the least   person you’ve ever seen.” ”Sit down,” Trump told a reporter during a press conference.
GO WaPo: Flynn Denied To FBI That He Discussed Sanctions With Russia.
GO Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn denied in a January interview with the FBI that he discussed sanctions with Russia’s ambassador to the United States, according to a Washington Post report published Thursday.
GO WH Denies Report That Trump Weighing Troops To Round Up Immigrants.
GO The White House pushed back against an Associated Press report Friday that stated President Donald Trump was looking into mobilizing troops to round up undocumented immigrants, calling it ”not true.” The Associated Press reported that a memo it obtained showed that Trump was weighing utilizing up to 100, 000 National Guard troops in the effort.
GO White House Denies Report That Navy Secretary Nominee Could Withdraw.
GO The White House on Saturday denied a report that its pick to become Secretary of the Navy was on the verge of withdrawing his nomination.
GO WATCH LIVE: Donald Trump To Address Rally In Melbourne, Florida At 5 PM ET.
GO President Donald Trump is scheduled to address a campaign rally, organized by Donald J. Trump for President Inc. at 5:00 p. m. ET in Melbourne, Florida.
GO Mattis Breaks With Trump: ’I Don’t Have Any Issues With The Press’.
GO Secretary of Defense Gen. James Mattis said Sunday that he does not ”have any issues with the press” in a break with President Donald Trump’s continued attacks on the media.
GO Anti-Defamation League Headquarters Receives Bomb Threat.
GO The New York headquarters of the   League received a bomb threat Wednesday.
GO Hillary Clinton: Get Out Of Congress ’If You Can’t Stand The Heat’.
GO Hillary Clinton on Wednesday told members of Congress who are avoiding their constituents that if they can’t stand the heat, they should ”get out of the.
GO Collins: I Will Ask That Flynn Testify Before Senate Intel Committee.
GO Sen. Susan Collins ( ) a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said Wednesday that ousted national security adviser Michael Flynn should testify before the committee about the nature of his communications with Russian officials.
GO CNN: FBI Refused WH Request To Refute Stories About Russian Contact.
GO CNN reported Thursday that the FBI and other federal agencies rejected the White House’s request to refute stories about contact between members of the Trump campaign and Russian nationals, including members of the Russian intelligence community.
GO Conway To Town Hall Protesters: ’Come Up With Your Own Solutions’.
GO White House senior adviser Kellyanne Conway said on Thursday that protesters should come up with their ”own solutions” to questions raised at town halls held by Republican members of Congress.
GO Ukrainian Lawmaker Who Met With Trump Lawyer Now Faces Treason Probe.
GO A Ukrainian lawmaker who met with President Donald Trump’s top lawyer Michael Cohen during the transition is now the subject of a treason investigation, according to several reports.
GO White House Says Transgender Protections Are A ’States Rights’ Issue.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Thursday that the White House had rescinded guidance to public schools on transgender students’ access to facilities that match their gender identity because it ought to be a “states’ rights” issue.
GO McCain: Obama ’responsible’ for Orlando.
GO Washington (CNN) Sen. John McCain said Thursday that President Barack Obama was ”directly responsible” for the massacre at the gay nightclub in Orlando, though McCain later said he ”misspoke.”   ”Barack Obama is directly responsible for it because when he pulled everybody out of Iraq, al Qaeda went to Syria, became ISIS, and ISIS is what it is today thanks to Barack Obama’s failures    utter failures, by pulling everybody out of Iraq, thinking that conflicts end just because you leave.
GO Disney alligator attack: Resort to add warning signs, source.
GO Lake Buena Vista, Florida (CNN) Alligator warning signs will be put up near all the waterways at Walt Disney World resorts following the death of a    boy who was dragged into a lagoon two nights ago, a senior source at Disney told CNN on Thursday.
GO How the GOP could cut ties with Trump.
GO Washington (CNN) As Republican angst about Donald Trump grows closer to panic, some longtime GOP strategists and donors are discussing creative ways to cut their presumptive nominee loose at their convention in July.
GO Gabbard: Clinton is presumptive nominee.
GO Washington (CNN) Hawaii Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard acknowledged Friday that Hillary Clinton is the presumptive Democratic nominee    but the Bernie Sanders backer isn’t ready to support the former secretary of state.
GO Alabama county refuses to lower flag to honor Orlando victims.
GO Washington (CNN) Officials in an Alabama county refused to lower flags to   to honor the victims of the Orlando mass shooting this week even after President Barack Obama and Alabama Gov.
GO Donald Trump accuses Jeb Bush of trying to oust him at convention.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump accused former rival Jeb Bush of leading an effort among Republican delegates to block him from securing the nomination in Cleveland next month.
GO Lynch: Clinton email probe handled the same as any other.
GO Washington (CNN) Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Sunday that the Justice Department probe into Hillary Clinton’s emails is being conducted the same as similar investigations and that she has not discussed it with President Barack Obama.
GO British referendum campaigning resumes.
GO London (CNN) Campaigning ahead of Britain’s referendum on whether to leave the European Union resumed Sunday, following a   pause in the wake of the murder of British MP Jo Cox.
GO Trump: ’I don’t believe’ Obama is sympathetic to Muslim terrorists.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump said Monday he doesn’t believe President Barack Obama is sympathetic to Muslim terrorists, despite seeming to hint at the prospect last week.
GO Ex-’Apprentice’ contestant no longer to join Republican convention team.
GO Washington (CNN) Former ”Apprentice” contestant and Donald Trump surrogate Erin Elmore will no longer be joining the Republican convention’s caucus operation team as deputy press secretary, according to a statement issued Monday.
GO Poll: Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton has an 8 point lead over Donald Trump among likely voters in November, according to a new poll out Monday.
GO Poll: Gun control support spikes after shooting.
GO Washington (CNN) Support for tighter gun control laws increased 9 percentage points after the Orlando terror attack, and support for background checks and other measures being debated in the Senate hovered around 90% according to   poll released Monday.
GO Top general: U.S. strategy against ISIS in Libya makes no sense.
GO Washington (CNN) In remarkably blunt testimony, President Barack Obama’s nominee to command U. S. forces in Africa said Tuesday that more ground troops were needed in Libya to fight ISIS and agreed the current strategy of not bombing the terror group’s affiliate there ”makes no sense.” When asked by the committee’s chairman, Sen. John McCain, an Arizona Republican, whether the U. S. had a strategy for Libya, Marine Lt. Gen. Thomas Waldhauser said he didn’t know about one.
GO Paul Ryan: House sit-in on guns is a ’publicity stunt’.
GO Washington (CNN) Paul Ryan called the Democratic lawmakers’   Wednesday to protest inaction on gun laws a ”publicity stunt,” saying that House liberals were more interested in headlines than solving the problem.
GO CNN’s Reality Check Team vets Trump’s claims.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump on Wednesday gave a major speech attacking presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, and CNN’s Reality Check Team put the billionaire’s statements and assertions to the test.
GO Iowa congressman wants bill to block $20 Tubman.
GO Washington (CNN) An Iowa congressman this week proposed legislation that would have blocked Harriet Tubman from replacing President Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill, but it won’t get a vote after a committee determined it wasn’t in compliance with House rules.
GO Amjad Sabri, famed Sufi singer, gunned down in Pakistan.
GO Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) Amjad Sabri, one of Pakistan’s most   Sufi musicians, was gunned down Wednesday in the southern city of Karachi.
GO Tornado, storms kill at least 98 in China.
GO Beijing (CNN) At least 98 people were killed and 800 more were injured after a tornado    accompanied by hailstorms, thunderstorms and lightning    hit eastern China early Thursday afternoon, the government said.
GO RNC delegate wants to avoid voting for Trump.
GO Washington (CNN) A delegate to the Republican National Convention has filed a lawsuit against Virginia officials as part of a   attempt to avoid voting for Donald Trump this summer in Cleveland.
GO Brexit vote wreaks financial, political havoc.
GO London (CNN) The United Kingdom’s historic Brexit vote to leave the European Union triggered the resignation Friday of British Prime Minister David Cameron and wreaked havoc on global markets.
GO Gunmen storm hotel in Mogadishu 15 killed, police say.
GO Mogadishu, Somalia (CNN) Gunmen stormed a hotel in the Somali capital of Mogadishu on Saturday after detonating a car filled with explosives at the hotel gate    an attack that has left at least 15 people dead and 25 others injured, police said.
GO Brexit: Do you #Regrexit?.
GO London (CNN) From Brexit to #Regrexit    an online petition demanding a second referendum on Britain’s decision to leave the EU has passed 3 million signatures.
GO Warren: Trump would ’crush you into the dirt’.
GO Cincinnati (CNN) Elizabeth Warren unleashed a blistering attack against Donald Trump Monday in her debut on the 2016 campaign trail, delivering a fiery speech that resembled a live audition for the role of Hillary Clinton’s top surrogate    or vice president.
GO Supreme Court strikes down Texas abortion law.
GO Washington (CNN) In a dramatic ruling, the Supreme Court on Monday threw out a Texas abortion access law in a victory to supporters of abortion rights who argued it would have shuttered all but a handful of clinics in the state.
GO Is Donald Trump hurting himself?.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump won’t allow himself to catch a break.
GO Trump: Special interests pushing trade deal want to ’rape our country’.
GO St. Clairsville, Ohio (CNN) Donald Trump on Tuesday once again used the word ”rape” to describe the economic turmoil he believes bad trade deals are inflicting on the U. S. ”The   Partnership is another disaster done and pushed by special interests who want to rape our country    just a continuing rape of our country,” Trump told a crowd of supporters in Ohio.
GO Trump on waterboarding: ’Fight fire with fire’.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump responded to Tuesday’s terror attack at a Turkish airport by calling for the U. S. to ”fight fire with fire” when it comes to battling ISIS, including the use of waterboarding.
GO Istanbul terror attack: 42 killed nation mourns.
GO Istanbul (CNN) With flags across Turkey at   and the nation observing a day of mourning, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan proclaimed the terror attack on Istanbul’s airport ”will not divide or split our country.” Erdogan promised the government will ”not let down our people.” He said by killing dozens of civilians, including women and children, the terrorists were not true Muslims.
GO Huma Abedin details Clinton email troubles in deposition.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton’s personal email   caused extensive troubles inside the State Department, including her own messages to top staffers getting lost in spam filters, according to a new deposition of top aide Huma Abedin.
GO Naked man in Times Square takes over morning rush hour.
GO New York City (CNN) A naked man climbed the TKTS booth at Times Square as commuters made their way to work during rush hour on Thursday morning.
GO Israeli-American girl, 13, fatally stabbed in West Bank home.
GO Jerusalem (CNN) A      girl was stabbed to death in her bedroom Thursday morning in the West Bank settlement of Kiryat Arba, a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces said.
GO Clinton to attack Trump over bankruptcies.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton is heading to Atlantic City, New Jersey, the site of some of Donald Trump’s most   business dealings    and setbacks    to hit the presumptive Republican nominee over his business past.
GO Hillary Clinton raises $68 million in June.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton’s campaign raised about $68 million in June, a sum that is likely to widen her financial lead over Donald Trump in the general election.
GO Brexit: Boris Johnson says he will not run as leader.
GO London (CNN) Boris Johnson, one of the leading voices in the Brexit campaign and the man considered to be the favorite to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron, delivered a bombshell Thursday when he announced he didn’t want the job.
GO Bill Clinton In Philadelphia: Africa Is ‘A Place Where Black Lives Matter’ - Breitbart.
GO Former President Bill Clinton’s   in his tense interaction with Black Lives Matter protesters today by praising his wife’s work to save lives in Africa, adding that it is “a place where Black Lives Matter.
GO More Than 60,000 Democrats Switch to Republican Party in Pennsylvania ahead of Primary - Breitbart.
GO More than 60, 000 Democrats are abandoning their party, switching to the Republican Party ahead of this year’s primary election in Pennsylvania.
GO Student Newspaper Suing University After Being Defunded for Mocking ’Safe Spaces’ - Breitbart.
GO A student newspaper at the University of   Diego which was defunded after releasing an issue that mocked safe spaces and trigger warnings is now suing the university for freedom of the press violations.
GO Betsy DeVos at Trump Michigan Rally: Time to ‘Finally Put an End to Federal Common Core’ - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump’s education secretary nominee Betsy DeVos joined him for a “Thank You” rally in her home state of Michigan, where she told the crowd making education great again means “finally putting an end to the federal Common Core.
GO Pat Caddell: ’This Really Is Trump’s Election If He Wants To Win It’ - Breitbart.
GO Pollster Pat Caddell believes that victory in the 2016 election is in the hands of GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, saying on Monday, “This really is Trump’s election if he wants to win it.
GO Pat Caddell: ‘Polling Is All Over the Place… Shock Potential Is Enormous’ - Breitbart.
GO Pollster and analyst Pat Caddell discussed recent presidential election polling on Friday with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow, saying, “Something is going on in this country in these polls.
GO Exclusive: Breitbart/Gravis Poll: Over Half of Americans Say Obama Made U.S. Less Safe from Domestic Terrorism - Breitbart.
GO Over half of Americans say President Obama’s policies have made America less safe from domestic terrorism, and even more say they personally feel less safe than eight years ago, according to a   national security poll conducted on September 20, 2016.
GO Female Chess Players Told To Wear Hijab at Championship In Iran.
GO The world’s top female chess players are being forced to wear a hijab at next year’s world championship because state sponsor of terrorism Iran has been selected to host the event.
GO Rep. Steve King To Leave Empty Seat at State of Union Address For ‘9 Million Babies Aborted Under’ Obama’s Watch - Breitbart.
GO Rep. Steve King says he will leave empty his gallery seat at President Barack Obama’s final State of the Union address in honor of the millions of babies who have been aborted under Obama’s watch.
GO Rudy Giuliani: Trump Is A ’Genius’ For Legally Avoiding Paying Taxes - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” while discussing The New York Times report on Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump suggesting that he could have legally avoided paying federal income taxes for the last 18 years, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani said “the reality is, he is a genius.
GO Clinton Cash: Billionaires Donate to Hillary 20-to-1 over Trump - Breitbart.
GO Brendan Coffey reports in Bloomberg that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is outraising Donald Trump by    among billionaires, a statistic which plays to her Republican rival’s populist appeal.
GO Glenn Beck Admits He Misled Cruz Audiences About George Washington’s ’Don Quixote’.
GO Glenn Beck has now admitted that he misled audiences at his campaign appearances for Ted Cruz when he told them the copy of Don Quixote he held in his hand was the same copy that George Washington purchased on the day the Constitution was signed.
GO Watch Live: Donald Trump ’USA Thank You Tour 2016’ in Hershey, PA - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday at 7 p. m. ET,   Donald Trump will pay a visit to Hershey, PA’s Giant Arena as part of his USA Thank You Tour 2016.
GO Britain To Have New Prime Minister By September.
GO Britain should have a new Prime Minister by 2 September, the Conservative Party’s 1922 Committee of backbench MPs has recommended.
GO VIDEO: Hillary Voters at Georgetown Can’t Name a Single Accomplishment that Qualifies Her for the Presidency - Breitbart.
GO A sample of students at Georgetown University who support Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for the presidency couldn’t name a single accomplishment she did in her career as Secretary of State, senator, and First Lady of the United States.
GO No Action Taken by Twitter After Rapper Calls Black Breitbart Reporter ’Coon’ - Breitbart.
GO Rapper Talib Kweli and some of his more than one million social media followers repeatedly attacked Breitbart News reporter Jerome Hudson with racial epithets on Twitter, but faced no disciplinary action from the platform.
GO Forgotten History: How American Presidents from Washington to Lincoln Agree with Trump on Trade - Breitbart.
GO In recent decades, a revisionist history of American trade policy has developed an almost religious status in Washington D. C.[In this context, the candidacy of Donald Trump has been presented as a deviation from America’s historic “free trade” policy when, in fact, America was founded on Alexander Hamilton’s protectionist economic system whose greatest defenders would become Abraham Lincoln’s Republican Party.
GO Toronto Blue Jays Announcer Will Not Say ’Indians’.
GO As the Toronto Blue Jays head to Cleveland for Games 1 and 2 of the American League Championship Series (ALCS) one announcer is refusing to say the team’s name on air.
GO Ted Cruz: ‘Attacks’ From Donald Trump ‘Henchmen’ Are ‘Garbage’ - Breitbart.
GO 2016 Presidential contender Ted Cruz is accusing Donald Trump of playing a part in accusations of infidelity launched against the Texas senator in the National Enquirer.
GO ’GunMeggedon’ in California With More Gun, Magazine Bans - Breitbart.
GO California lawmakers launched a full frontal assault on the state’s few remaining Second Amendment freedoms by passing more gun restrictions and magazine bans out of committee on Tuesday.
GO James Woods: ’Buy More Guns and Learn How to Use Them’.
GO On December 29, actor James Woods reacted to newly released details of the heinous November 10 murder of Amanda Blackburn by urging Americans to “buy more guns and learn how to use them.
GO Trump Campaign on Clinton Speech: What You Expect from Someone ’Losing the Election’ - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump’s senior communications advisor Jason Miller blasted Hillary Clinton’s speech on Tuesday, saying her remarks were typical from someone who is “losing the election.
GO Sanders: Hillary Should ’Cease All Operations, All Contact With The Clinton Foundation’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” former Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton should cease all operations and all contact with the Clinton Foundation.
GO Chris Wallace to Ben Carson: ‘Do You Worry That You’re Being Used as a Prop for Black Voters?’ - Breitbart.
GO On this weeks broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” host Chris Wallace asked Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump supporter Dr. Ben Carson if he was worried about “being used as a prop for black voters” by the Trump campaign.
GO Sen. Bob Corker: Trump Is ’Going to Have to Change’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Sen Bob Corker ( ) said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is “going to have to change” to pivot to the general election.
GO Former Obama Speechwriter: This Is Obama’s ’Morning In America’ Speech - Breitbart.
GO Former Obama speechwriter Jon Favreau hints that Americans should expect a   speech from President Obama during tonight’s State of the Union address.
GO Afghan Migrants Planned Terror Attacks Across Europe.
GO Italian police have arrested an Afghan migrant who planned terror attacks in Italy, Britain and France and another involved in people smuggling.
GO REVEALED: 1,000+ Migrants Brawl, Rape, Sexually Assault, And Steal At ONE German Train Station On New Year’s Eve.
GO Just five arrests have been made by German police after central Cologne was transformed into a   on New Year’s Eve, as an estimated 1, 000 migrants celebrated by launching fireworks into crowds and sexually assaulting German women caught up in the chaos.
GO Alec Baldwin to Play Donald Trump on ’Saturday Night Live’.
GO Alec Baldwin will play Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on the upcoming 42nd season of Saturday Night Live, with a promotional video released Wednesday offering viewers the first chance to see the actor take on the role.
GO Rep. Mike Kelly Explains Pennsylvania Delegate Selection Process, Calls for Unity - Breitbart.
GO Pennsylvania Congressman Mike Kelly explained the Pennsylvania GOP’s delegate selection process and called for party unity Saturday when he sat down for an exclusive interview with Breitbart News Saturday SiriusXM host Matthew Boyle.
GO Krauthammer: Hillary’s ’Sisterhood of the Marching Pantsuits Is Going To Have To Dress Light,’ ’Huge Night’ For Trump - Breitbart.
GO Columnist Charles Krauthammer said Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s “sisterhood of the marching pantsuits” “is going to have to dress light” if women who don’t support each other are going to hell and that New Hampshire was “a huge night for Trump” and GOP presidential candidate New Jersey Governor Chris Christie’s attack on fellow candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio helped Trump the most and Rubio’s going to have “a very hard slog for him” on Tuesday’s coverage of the New Hampshire primary on the Fox News Channel.
GO Mook: ’Only Fitting For a Bully Like Trump To Hire a Bully To Run His Campaign’ - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Rachel Maddow Show,” Clinton Campaign Manager Robby Mook stated, “it’s only fitting for a bully like Trump to hire a bully to run his campaign.
GO Comey: Hillary’s FBI Testimony Wasn’t Under Oath Or Recorded, But It Would Still Be a Crime To Lie - Breitbart.
GO During testimony before Congress on Thursday, FBI Director James Comey stated that the FBI’s interview with presumptive Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was not under oath or recorded, but it still would be a crime to lie to the FBI.
GO Nicolle Wallace: ’My Family Life Is in Shatters Because My Parents Support Donald Trump’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” while commenting on the changes in Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump since his campaign manager Kellyanne Conway has been at the helm, former McCain and Bush strategist Nicolle Wallace admitted her family life was “in shatters” because of her parents’ support of Trump.
GO Jack Abramoff: I Was Imprisoned for Same Things Hillary Clinton Has Done.
GO Former GOP lobbyist Jack Abramoff said that he and others have been incarcerated for the same activities Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was involved in through her activities with the Clinton Foundation while secretary of state.
GO Bernie Sanders: Obama Not Tipping the Scales for Hillary Clinton - Breitbart.
GO Senator Bernie Sanders met with President Obama at the White House today to discuss the 2016 primary and his campaign against Hillary Clinton for the Democratic Presidential nomination.
GO Scarborough: Trump Has Been Attacked More Than Any Other President in History - Breitbart.
GO Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Joe Scarborough said   Donald Trump “has been attacked more from more sides, I think than any other President in U. S. history.
GO MILO: Al Sharpton is ’All About The Money’ - Breitbart.
GO During his talk at University   on     MILO argued that civil rights activist Al Sharpton is motivated by money rather than political values.
GO Hand, Foot and Mouth Disease Spreading on College Campuses.
GO The highly contagious and painful hand, foot and mouth disease (HFMD) is spreading across campuses at American universities, according to an infectious disease expert at University of California Berkeley.
GO Chris Wallace: I Thought Michelle Fields ‘Completely Misrepresented’ Battery ‘Early On’ - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” while discussing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski being charged with misdemeanor battery in an incident involving former Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields at a Jupiter, FL campaign event on March 6, host Chris Wallace said he agreed with Trump’s assertion that Fields exaggerated the incident.
GO Haley: I’m Against Rubio’s Gang of Eight Bill, and Jeb on Common Core - Breitbart.
GO South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley stated that while Republican presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio isn’t “for amnesty” she is “against his Gang of Eight bill” on Wednesday’s “On the Record with Greta Van Susteren” on the Fox News Channel.
GO Trump Team Responds to Carl Paladino’s ’Reprehensible’ Comments about Obamas - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump’s transition team responded to Carl Paladino’s racist remarks that he allegedly made about President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama to ArtVoice, a New York publication, saying that in 2017 he would like President Obama to die, and Michelle Obama to “return to being a male and let loose in the outback of Zimbabwe where she lives comfortably in a cave with Maxie, the gorilla.
GO Obama: I Could Have Won if I Had Run for President Again - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama asserts that he could have won a third term against Donald Trump if he had run again on his claim of hope and change.
GO Sasse: ’If the Republican Party Becomes the Party of David Duke, Donald Trump, I’m Out’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) threatened to leave the Republican Party if it “becomes the party” of David Duke and Donald Trump.
GO Philippines: Duterte Says No to ’Stupid’ Climate Change Deal.
GO Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte has stated he will not abide by the Paris Agreement, an international climate change pact, calling the deal “stupid” and “absurd,” and accusing developed countries of “imposing” on less wealthy states after having committed their own share of environmental atrocities.
GO Cruz In GOP Debate: Obama, Hillary United to Take Away Guns - Breitbart.
GO During the January 14 GOP Debate, presidential hopeful Ted Cruz responded to moderator Neil Cavuto’s question on Obama and gun confiscation by pointing out that Obama demonstrated he was angling to take away guns from the moment he entered the White House.
GO Kerry Washington on Playing Anita Hill: I Wish I Had Her ‘Elegance and Grace’.
GO Actress Kerry Washington hit the Television Critics Association winter press tour in Pasadena on Thursday, where she discussed her preparations to play Anita Hill in the upcoming HBO film Confirmation.
GO Trump: Khan’s Son Wouldn’t Have Died If I Was President Because I Wouldn’t Have Been In Iraq - Breitbart.
GO On Monday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump argued that Humayun Khan wouldn’t have died if he was president “because I wouldn’t have been in the war, if I was president back then.
GO Bernie Sanders Leads Hillary by 27 Points in New Hampshire - Breitbart.
GO Insurgent Democratic candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders has opened up a   lead over Hillary Clinton in the state of New Hampshire, which will hold the nation’s first primary contest on February 9.
GO Colombian Soldier Arrested for Using FARC Money for Sex Change - Breitbart.
GO A Colombian soldier who participated in the 2003 looting of buried savings hidden by the FARC terrorist group has been captured, and is pleading to be placed in a prison with women, as he used some of the money stolen from the crime scene for a sex change.
GO Actress Selma Blair Removed From Plane on Stretcher After Mid-Flight Meltdown - Breitbart.
GO Selma Blair was removed from a Los   Delta Airlines flight on a stretcher Monday after passengers reported the actress was screaming incoherently during a flight.
GO Hillary Clinton’s Support Drops Below 50 Percent Among Democrats - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton’s support has fallen below 50 percent among likely Democratic voters, allowing Sen. Bernie Sanders to halve his   gap since early March, according to a large survey from Morning Consult.
GO Juanita Broaddrick: NBC Kept Me from Mention Hillary Clinton.
GO When Juanita Broaddrick originally broke her silence by speaking to NBC’s Dateline in 1999, Bill Clinton’s rape accuser says she told the network’s reporter, Lisa Myers, on camera that she believed Hillary Clinton tried to silence her.
GO Tucker Carlson Gets Fox News Prime Time Show.
GO Stephen Battaglio reports in the Los Angeles Times that conservative commentator Tucker Carlson is taking over hosting Greta Van Susteren’s prime time show “On the Record” for Fox News.
GO Watch: FNC’s Wallace Presses Lewandowski for Apology to Michelle Fields - Breitbart.
GO On this weeks broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” host Chris Wallace repeatedly pressed Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski to apologize for an incident involving former Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields at a Jupiter, FL campaign event on March 6.
GO When Trump Was Shorthand for Celebrity.
GO Reflections from James Fallows and others about how people commonly referred to Donald Trump in the pages of The Atlantic in the ‘90s and ‘00s, before Trump got involved in national politics and was just a celebrity tycoon.
GO Should the Risk of Rape Keep Women From the Draft?.
GO    Readers debate the role of women in the U. S. military and whether they should be allowed in combat units and forced to register for the draft.
GO When an Abortion Destroys a Relationship.
GO Prompted by Emma Green’s note on the Supreme Court case Whole Women’s Health v. Hellerstedt, for which a group of lawyers filed a document openly describing their abortions, readers share their own stories in an ongoing collection edited by Chris Bodenner.
GO Track of the Day: ’Twin Falls’ by Built to Spill.
GO A   reader, Adam Feiges, floats an idea: I have a suggestion for a new theme for Track of the Day: songs that celebrate a specific place.
GO Climate scientist Gordon Hamilton, 50, dies in accident in Antarctica.
GO      Gordon Hamilton, a prominent climate scientist who studied Earth’s melting ice sheets, died Saturday when his snowmobile went into a crevasse in Antarctica, according to the National Science Foundation.
GO Donald Trump’s campaign has spent more on hats than on polling.
GO      I don’t think there’s a data point that better captures the weirdness of this presidential election cycle than the following: According to the Federal Election Commission filings, Donald Trump’s presidential campaign has spent $1.
GO The startling rise in oral cancer in men, and what it says about our changing sexual habits.
GO      Oral cancer is on the rise in American men, with health insurance claims for the condition jumping 61 percent from 2011 to 2015, according to a new analysis.
GO The moon? The Pacific? How far will your generation go in the Marine Corps Marathon?.
GO The 25, 480 runners signed up for Sunday’s Marine Corps Marathon span five generations, from a pack of    Gen Z adolescents to an       member of the Silent Generation.
GO Donald Trump is refusing to pay his campaign pollster three-quarters of a million dollars.
GO      Donald Trump’s hiring of pollster Tony Fabrizio in May was viewed as a sign that the real estate mogul was finally bringing seasoned operatives into his insurgent operation.
GO Why Facebook users are ‘checking in’ at Standing Rock.
GO      By now, depending on your Facebook filter bubble, you’ve probably seen it: a Facebook friend “checking in” to Standing Rock, N. D. and then a separate post explaining the clever ploy that reads something like this: “The Morton County Sheriff’s Department has been using Facebook   to find out who is at Randing Stock in order to target them in attempts to disrupt the prayer camps.
GO Post-ABC Tracking Poll: Trump 46, Clinton 45, as Democratic enthusiasm dips.
GO          Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are all but tied in the latest Washington   News Tracking Poll, which finds Clinton backers slipping behind in enthusiasm even as the Democrat has an edge in early voting.
GO Obama on FBI: ‘We don’t operate on innuendo’.
GO          President Obama briefly addressed the FBI’s reopened investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email practices for the first time, saying in an interview posted Wednesday that the agency does not “operate on innuendo” and emphasizing that there is no evidence that the Democratic presidential nominee violated the law.
GO Why it’s right to keep the brakes on the Dakota Access oil pipeline.
GO    Jan Hasselman, a staff attorney at Earthjustice, is representing the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in its lawsuit challenging the Dakota Access oil pipeline.
GO Federal authorities investigating threat of pre-election attacks.
GO      Federal authorities are investigating a possible threat from   to carry out   terror attacks, leading officials in at least three states to take precautions, according to federal and state officials.
GO How Russia’s lone aircraft carrier will change the fight in Syria.
GO      With the imminent arrival of its lone aircraft carrier off the coast of Syria, Russia is set to bulk up its military campaign ahead of what probably will be a renewed bombing campaign on the besieged city of Aleppo.
GO Two New York police officers shot in the Bronx.
GO      Two New York police officers were shot and injured Friday during an incident in the Bronx, according to authorities.
GO What to know about the 15 states that will decide the election.
GO       Democrats are trying to win their third presidential election in a row and retain the White House after a   Democratic president for the first time since the   century.
GO Tell us: As America votes, how will the U.S. election impact your country?.
GO      As the U. S. election enters its final round, I asked several of our Global Opinions contributors from around the world to weigh in on the election and to illuminate what either a President Donald Trump or a President Hillary Clinton might mean for their countries or regions.
GO Election Day: Voters encounter machine breakdowns, describe intimidation at the polls.
GO          As voters flooded polling places across the country on Election Day, some reported problems such as broken machines, long lines and voter intimidation in states ranging from Texas to Pennsylvania.
GO Even before 2016 is over, the race for 2020 is well underway.
GO    Long before the first polling places opened on Election Day 2016, the race for the 2020 Republican presidential nomination was already underway.
GO These races will determine whether Republicans hold their Senate majority.
GO      On Tuesday night,   voters won’t just determine who captures the White House, but whether Republicans retain the congressional majority they have held for the last two years.
GO Post opinion writers predict what will happen on election night.
GO          As the 2016 election draws to a close, we asked our opinion writers to predict the winner of the presidential election, and by how many electoral votes, as well as the fates of the Senate and House.
GO Hillary Clinton has to be gracious to Donald Trump. The rest of us don’t..
GO      If Hillary Clinton wins, at some point tonight she’ll deliver a victory in which she’ll speak the words “Donald Trump” or “my opponent,” quiet the brief eruption of boos, then read the words she and her aides have carefully crafted for that moment.
GO U.S. military announces that civilian casualties in Iraq and Syria are more than double previous estimate.
GO      The number of civilians killed by U. S. airstrikes in Iraq and Syria is more than double the previous estimate, U. S. Central Command said on Wednesday, after reexamining its air campaign based on allegations from activist groups.
GO Former Illinois congressman with ‘Downton Abbey’ office is indicted.
GO      Aaron Schock, a former Illinois congressman whose Capitol Hill office was decorated in the style of the TV show “Downton Abbey,” and whose   abs landed him on the cover of Men’s Health, was indicted Thursday on charges that he misspent government and campaign money for his personal benefit.
GO António Guterres to be next UN secretary general.
GO António Guterres, the former Portuguese prime minister, will be the next UN secretary general, after the security council agreed he should replace Ban   at the beginning of next year.
GO California single mother faces jail time for selling homemade food on Facebook.
GO A single mother could face three years in jail in California for selling homemade ceviche and chicken stuffed fried avocado on Facebook after law enforcement conducted an undercover operation and accused her of running a food business without a permit.
GO Rio de Janeiro governor declares state of financial emergency ahead of Olympics.
GO   days before the opening of the Olympics, the governor of Rio de Janeiro has declared a state of financial emergency and begged for federal support to avoid a “total collapse in public security, health, education, transport and environmental management”.
GO Goldman Sachs’ quarterly profits rebound 78% from worst in five years.
GO Goldman Sachs’ latest quarterly profits have rebounded 78% from its worst quarterly results in five years but the bank is continuing to cut its bonus pool for Wall Street workers.
GO Rolling Stone’s rape story trial highlights a hardening attitude toward the media.
GO The finding that Rolling Stone magazine defamed a University of Virginia administrator is the latest in a series of legal decisions that experts say signal a hardening attitude to the media and other institutions.
GO World’s oldest fish-hooks found on Okinawa, Japan.
GO The world’s oldest   approximately 23, 000 years old, have been found in a cave on Okinawa Island off the coast of Japan.
GO Volkswagen emissions scandal: $15bn settlement gets preliminary approval.
GO A nearly $15bn settlement over Volkswagen’s emissions cheating scandal cleared a key hurdle on Tuesday, with a federal judge giving preliminary approval to the deal that includes an option for owners to have the carmaker buy back their vehicles.
GO Marion Cotillard issues statement denying role in Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie divorce.
GO The actor Marion Cotillard has issued a statement denying involvement in the forthcoming divorce of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.
GO How to use Snapchat to embarrass your children.
GO Like many people of a certain age, I recently began using Snapchat, after years of shunning it in favor of social media apps designed for people who still type with all their fingers and not just their thumbs.
GO UC Berkeley dean who violated sexual harassment policies returns to campus.
GO The former University of California, Berkeley law dean who was found to have violated sexual harassment policies has returned to campus as a professor, sparking outrage from the woman at the center of the controversy who said his presence could “silence victims from coming forward”.
GO Netflix documentary to focus on Amanda Knox in Meredith Kercher case.
GO Amanda Knox will be the subject of a new Netflix documentary exploring the notorious Meredith Kercher murder case.
GO Barack Obama meets with Jo Cox’s family to pay tribute to British MP.
GO Barack Obama paid tribute to Jo Cox, the British MP killed in June, in a meeting with her husband and young children at the White House on Friday.
GO Goldman executive Gary Cohn tapped for White House economic post – report.
GO   Donald Trump has asked Goldman Sachs executive Gary Cohn to head his White House national economic council, a group that coordinates economic policy across agencies, NBC News reported on Friday.
GO Get live US election alerts in new innovative format from the Guardian.
GO On 8 November, US presidential election night 2016, the Guardian Mobile Innovation Lab and the Guardian mobile apps team will offer an innovative way to get live presidential election results right on the lock screen of the Guardian’s Android and iOS apps.
GO Head of police chief group regrets law enforcement’s role in black oppression.
GO The head of the biggest group of police chiefs in the US apologised on Monday for the role law enforcement has played in the country’s historical persecution of African Americans and other minorities.
GO Amy Schumer defends her Formation video as a Beyoncé ’tribute’.
GO Amy Schumer has defended her controversial Formation video, saying it was “just us women celebrating each other”.
GO Bushland search for Matthew Leveson’s body enters fifth day.
GO The search for missing man Matthew Leveson has entered its fifth day as digging in dense bushland south of Sydney resumes.
GO Can Fox News survive the forces it unleashed on the 2016 election?.
GO The winner of the third and final debate by nearly all measures was Fox News’s Chris Wallace, whose work as moderator drew immediate praise from fellow journalists for its lack of partisanship.
GO Minnesota man describes killing 11-year-old Jacob Wetterling in chilling detail.
GO A Minnesota man confessed on Tuesday to abducting and killing    Jacob Wetterling nearly 27 years ago, recounting the crime in chilling detail, including a handcuffed Jacob asking him, “What did I do wrong?” Danny Heinrich, 53, of Annandale, made the admission as he pleaded guilty to a federal child abuse images charge that will probably keep him locked up for 20 years, with civil commitment possible after that, meaning he could spend the rest of his life in custody.
GO Serbian survivor of fall from plane explosion dies at 66.
GO A Serbian woman who survived what was said to be a   (33, 000ft) fall after a plane exploded in   in 1972 has died aged 66.
GO NBA star Derrick Rose and friends cleared in rape case.
GO A federal jury has cleared NBA star Derrick Rose and two of his friends of rape in a civil trial that put the legal definition of consent under scrutiny.
GO José Mourinho move to Manchester United held up by Chelsea image rights.
GO José Mourinho’s appointment as Manchester United manager is being held up by Chelsea’s ownership of the rights to his name and image, with the west London club thought to be seeking a sizeable payment for their release.
GO Dylann Roof found guilty in Charleston church shooting.
GO A South Carolina jury has found Dylann Roof, the   white supremacist who killed nine black parishioners in a Charleston church in June 2015, guilty of all 33 federal charges he faced, including hate crimes, murder, attempted murder and obstruction of religion.
GO Barclays bank reaches $100m US settlement over Libor rigging scandal.
GO Barclays has reached a $100m (£77m) settlement with more than 40 US states for fraudulent and anticompetitive conduct in relation to the Libor rigging scandal.
GO Robert De Niro: ’Donald Trump is totally nuts’.
GO Robert De Niro has become the latest celebrity to criticise Donald Trump, whom he said should not run for president because he was “totally nuts”.
GO Man’s body ’dissolved’ by Yellowstone hot spring after seeking place to swim.
GO An Oregon man who died and “dissolved” after falling into a boiling, acidic hot spring at Yellowstone national park last June had been looking for a place to swim, officials investigating the incident have concluded.
GO Jim Harbaugh is college football’s highest paid coach on $9m a year.
GO Jim Harbaugh, who has led his Michigan Wolverines to a   start, is the highest paid coach in college football, and will make $9m this year.
GO Labor movement braces for three-front battle with Trump, Congress and courts.
GO After spending tens of millions of dollars in hopes of electing Hillary Clinton, the labor movement fears that   Donald Trump, the   Congress and the supreme court will be hostile to labor and take numerous steps to hobble unions.
GO Hurricane Hermine makes landfall in Florida.
GO Hurricane Hermine has made landfall in Florida’s Big Bend area, becoming the first hurricane to hit the state in more than a decade.
GO Moscow gallery closes US photography exhibit after protester throws urine.
GO A private art gallery in Moscow has hastily closed down an exhibition of pictures by US photographer Jock Sturges after a   senator labelled them child abuse images and a protester threw urine at some of the images.
GO Alligator nearly bites off woman’s hand in Florida as she reaches for a soda.
GO A woman trying to get a soda can she had dropped into the water in the Everglades had her hand nearly bitten off by an alligator, authorities said.
GO Montenegrin prosecutor says Russian nationalists behind alleged coup plot.
GO Russian nationalists were behind an alleged coup attempt in Montenegro that included plans to assassinate the   prime minister over his government’s attempt to join Nato, the country’s chief special prosecutor has said.
GO Black patients half as likely to receive pain medication as white patients, study finds.
GO Black patients are about half as likely to be prescribed opioid medicines in the emergency department than white patients, according to a new study.
GO Josh Brown placed on exempt list and unlikely to play for Giants again.
GO Josh Brown will likely not play again for the New York Giants after he was placed on the commissioner’s exempt list.
GO Anti-rape activists hold silent vigil outside Birth of a Nation screenings.
GO A candlelit vigil has been held outside the ArcLight cinema in Hollywood to coincide with first public screenings of The Birth of a Nation.
GO Disney depiction of obese Polynesian god in film Moana sparks anger.
GO The depiction of a Polynesian character in a Disney film has prompted anger across the Pacific islands, with one New Zealand MP saying the portrayal of the god Maui as obese was “not acceptable”.
GO Dakota Access pipeline: Native Americans allege cruel treatment.
GO Native Americans protesting against the Dakota Access pipeline (DAPL) on Saturday accused law enforcement officers of cruel and inhumane treatment in jail, but said mass arrests and violent confrontations with police would not deter them from fighting construction of the oil project.
GO Brazil’s ex-president Lula charged with corruption in oil kickback scandal.
GO , Brazilian prosecutors have charged   Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva with being the “maximum commander” of a vast corruption scheme at the state oil company, Petrobras, in a major blow to the leftist hero’s hopes of a political comeback.
GO Hope for ’end of Aids’ is disappearing, experts warn.
GO Efforts to combat Aids in Africa are seriously faltering, with drugs beginning to lose their power, the number of infections rising and funding declining, raising the prospect of the epidemic once more spiralling out of control, experts have warned.
GO Chelsea Manning starts hunger strike, saying she is bullied in prison.
GO Chelsea Manning has started a hunger strike in Fort Leavenworth military prison in Kansas in protest at what she calls the bullying of the prison authorities and the US government.
GO What can the NFL learn from the NBA about Donald Trump?.
GO The NFL and NBA have roughly the same racial profile with African Americans comprising 68 to 74% of their rosters.
GO LeBron James says he’s lost respect for Phil Jackson over ’posse’ comment.
GO LeBron James says he has lost respect for Phil Jackson after the famed NBA coach used the word “posse” to describe the Cleveland star’s business partners.
GO George Michael postmortem is inconclusive, say police.
GO A postmortem into the death of George Michael has proved inconclusive, and further tests will be carried out, police have said.
GO Tuck Everlasting author Natalie Babbitt dies at 84.
GO The author of the beloved children’s novel Tuck Everlasting has died in the United States after battling lung cancer.
GO Flight MH370 was flown into water, says crash expert.
GO A section of wing from missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 shows evidence it was extended upon landing, suggesting a rogue pilot brought it down, an air crash expert says.
GO Two alligators involved in Disney World attack on boy, says father.
GO The father of a toddler killed by an alligator at a Disney resort last month told rescue officials two alligators were involved in the attack, according to emails from the Reedy Creek fire department.
GO Why everyone is crazy for Prisma, the app that turns photos into works of art.
GO People across the world are turning amateur photos into elaborate works of art with a new viral app that relies on AI technology to let users instantly transform mundane images into Picasso paintings.
GO Maria Sharapova receives two-year ban for failing drug test.
GO Maria Sharapova, the richest athlete in the history of women’s sport, has been banned for two years for failing a drugs test during the Australian Open in January, leaving her illustrious tennis career hanging in the balance.
GO Megan Fox: I want to expose the planet’s deep mysteries.
GO Megan Fox has spoken about her wish to move away from acting to help expose the planet’s “deep mysteries”.
GO Video in Tulsa police shooting shows black man was unarmed with hands up.
GO An unarmed black man killed by a white Oklahoma police officer can be seen on video walking away from officers and toward his SUV with his hands up before he approaches the driver’s side door, where he drops to the ground after being shocked with a stun gun and then fatally shot.
GO John Kasich vetoes Ohio ’heartbeat bill’ in favor of 20-week abortion ban.
GO Ohio governor John Kasich has vetoed the controversial “heartbeat bill” which aimed to ban abortions from as early as six weeks into a pregnancy, while also signing into law a separate and restrictive   abortion ban.
GO Brexit cannot be cancelled or delayed, says François Hollande.
GO The French president, François Hollande, has stepped up the pressure on the UK over its timetable to leave the EU, insisting that Brexit cannot be cancelled or delayed, and that Britain will have to live with the consequences.
GO Abu Muhammad al-Adnani’s death does not signal the demise of Isis.
GO The death of Islamic State’s chief propagandist, Abu Muhammad   has removed the group’s most valuable figure in its war against the west, but his demise does not mean an end to the carnage.
GO The child refugees of Calais: ‘The journey is not yet over’.
GO Of all the children stuck in the Calais camp,    Jawaad (not his real name) was one of the best able to articulate the horror of his situation, living in a tent for months, with no adult to care for him.
GO Military coup attempted in Turkey against Erdoğan government.
GO A military coup has been attempted in Turkey, pitching one of the Middle East’s key hubs of power into sudden turmoil and prompting supporters of the country’s elected president to take to the streets.
GO Michael Moore to release surprise ’Trumpland’ documentary.
GO Michael Moore has announced the surprise release of a Donald Trump documentary.
GO Petra Kvitova could return to tennis within six months following knife attack.
GO Petra Kvitova could return to tennis within six months following a knife attack that could have been   and which the   Wimbledon champion admitted had her fearing for her life.
GO Robert De Niro on Donald Trump: ’I can’t punch him now he’s president’.
GO Robert De Niro has ruled out punching Donald Trump in the face now he is US president, saying, “I just have to see what he’s going to do.
GO Nasa: Earth is warming at a pace ’unprecedented in 1,000 years’.
GO The planet is warming at a pace not experienced within the past 1, 000 years, at least, making it “very unlikely” that the world will stay within a crucial temperature limit agreed by nations just last year, according to Nasa’s top climate scientist.
GO Lil Wayne says Black Lives Matter has ’nothing to do with me’.
GO Lil Wayne has distanced himself from the Black Lives Matter movement, saying: “I don’t feel connected to a damn thing that ain’t got nothin’ to do with me.
GO Bernie Sanders defends Clinton over leaked comments on his supporters.
GO Bernie Sanders on Sunday defended Hillary Clinton over recorded remarks that Republicans said demeaned his supporters but which he said were entirely in line with his beliefs.
GO ’Very weak’: Donald Trump blasts Republican senator Jeff Flake.
GO Donald Trump entered a bitter war of words with Senator Jeff Flake on Sunday as the Republican nominee reverted to his behavior in the primary where he constantly attacked elected GOP officials.
GO What would happen if Donald Trump refused to concede this election?.
GO Donald Trump’s refusal to say whether he would accept the outcome of next month’s US presidential election if he were to lose is unprecedented and chilling, legal experts have said.
GO Computer activist Lauri Love loses appeal against US extradition.
GO Lauri Love, the student accused of hacking into the computer systems of the US missile defence agency, Nasa and the Federal Reserve, has lost his appeal against extradition to America.
GO Romania’s Social Democrats easily win parliamentary elections.
GO Romania’s   Social Democrats have easily won parliamentary elections a year after a major   drive forced the last socialist prime minister from power.
GO Why Silicon Valley is embracing universal basic income.
GO Silicon Valley has, paradoxically, become one of the most vocal proponents of universal basic income (UBI).
GO Two Americans involved in hacking of CIA director appear in court.
GO Two of the men who allegedly conspired to hack into the personal email and phone accounts of senior US government officials, including the CIA director, John Brennan, and homeland security secretary, Jeh Johnson, appeared in US district court in Virginia on Tuesday.
GO Father and son jailed for selling dangerous DIY teeth-whitening kits.
GO A father and son have been jailed for selling unsafe DIY   kits that left some users with bleeding gums from chemical burns.
GO Brexit: 1m EU citizens in Britain ’could be at risk of deportation’.
GO The government has been warned that up to 1 million EU citizens living in the UK could be at risk of deportation if it does not come up with a simple way of recognising their status in the country.
GO Household incomes rose in 2015 for first time in eight years, US Census says.
GO Household incomes in the US finally broke free of the recession in 2015, rising for the first time since the Obama election, the Census Bureau announced on Tuesday, but they still remained below levels before the recession.
GO Obama under mounting pressure to disclose Russia’s role in US election.
GO Barack Obama is facing growing pressure from congressional Democrats in both houses demanding further disclosures regarding Russia’s role in the 2016 US elections.
GO Heightened terror threat in Lebanon after suicide attacks near Syria.
GO The Lebanese government has warned of a heightened terrorist threat after eight suicide bombers attacked a Christian village on the border with Syria, in the latest spillover of its conflict into Lebanon.
GO Shelling of market in Yemeni city kills more than 20 civilians, MSF says.
GO More than 20 civilians were killed in the shelling of a busy market in the   Yemeni city of Taiz, including a member of an international aid group, the group and medical officials said on Friday.
GO Brexit: Bank of Japan urged to free up cash for Japanese companies in UK.
GO Shinzo Abe has urged Japan’s central bank to ensure ample funds are available to help Japanese companies operating in Britain and shore up business at home after the UK’s shock vote to exit the European Union.
GO Colin Kaepernick sits during national anthem over treatment of minorities.
GO San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick is refusing to stand for the national anthem before games because he believes the United States oppresses African Americans and other minorities.
GO Muslim marine says he was forced into clothes dryer in boot camp hazing.
GO A Muslim marine said he was placed in a clothes dryer by a drunk instructor during marine boot camp and subjected to several   slurs, a new investigation has revealed.
GO Thousands in Tennessee hope to return home as rain slows wildfires.
GO After a day of rain slowed down raging fires in Tennessee, local officials began a cleanup on Thursday as thousands of evacuees hoped to return to their homes.
GO Backstreet Boys and *N sync founder Lou Pearlman dies in prison aged 62.
GO Figures from the pop music world have paid tribute to Lou Pearlman, the founder of Backstreet Boys and *N Sync, who has died in prison aged 62.
GO The Supreme Court just took the case that will determine Obama’s immigration legacy.
GO   The Supreme Court has agreed to take up the lawsuit over President Obama’s 2014 executive actions on immigration, which would allow millions of unauthorized immigrants to apply for protection from deportation.
GO French Candidate Emmanuel Macron Says Campaign Has Been Hacked, Just Before Election.
GO Updated at 5:27 p. m. ET Saturday, Less than two days before the high stakes French presidential election Sunday, the campaign of Emmanuel Macron said it had been the target of a massive hack.
GO Austrian Court Rules Facebook Must Delete Hate Speech.
GO In a decision that could have global consequences, an Austrian court ruled on Friday that Facebook must delete postings deemed to be hate speech.
GO Trump Travel Ban Returned To Court, With President’s Words At The Center.
GO Updated at 7 p. m. ET, A   panel of the U. S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit heard arguments on Monday over President Trump’s revised travel ban, with judges repeatedly questioning the government’s lawyer in the case about Trump’s campaign call ”for a complete and total shutdown” of Muslims entering the country.
GO Australian Fossils Hint At Where To Search For Life On Mars.
GO Old rocks found in the Australian Outback have some weighty implications, scientists say: They hint at the environment in which life on Earth originated and suggest a location to search for life on Mars.
GO West Virginia Reporter Arrested For Yelling Question At HHS Secretary.
GO A reporter in West Virginia was arrested and charged with a crime Tuesday after he repeatedly attempted to question Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price.
GO What Pepe The Frog’s Death Can Teach Us About The Internet.
GO With barely an Internet whimper, Pepe the Frog, the anthropomorphic cartoon character turned symbol of hate, was put down by his creator, Matt Furie, over the weekend, in a   comic strip.
GO Trump’s Lawyers Deny He Has Russian Income Or Debt, ’With A Few Exceptions’.
GO In a letter released Friday, President Trump’s lawyers said a decade’s worth of his tax returns show that he doesn’t owe money to Russian lenders and that he has received no income from Russian sources, ”with a few exceptions.” The exceptions include this: ”In 2008, Trump Properties LLC sold an estate in Florida, that it had acquired in 2005 for approximately $41 million, to a Russian billionaire for $95 million.” That buyer was Dmitry Rybolovlev, who never moved into the    mansion before tearing it down.
GO Trump Tweet Suggests His Conversations With Comey Might Have Been Recorded.
GO Updated at 9:25 p. m. ET, President Trump suggested on Twitter Friday morning there might be recordings of his private conversations with former FBI Director James Comey, whom he fired earlier this week, in an apparent attempt to caution Comey against ”leaking to the press.” At the White House briefing in the afternoon, press secretary Sean Spicer refused multiple times to confirm or deny whether there is a secret recording device in the Oval Office.
GO ’Master Of None’ Is Even Better In Season 2.
GO The first season of Master Of None, the thoughtful Netflix comedy starring Aziz Ansari and created by Ansari and Alan Yang, was one of the best pieces of   to come out in 2015.
GO Like Most White House Kids, Barron Trump Will Go To Private School.
GO The White House announced today that President Trump’s youngest son,    Barron, will attend the private St. Andrew’s Episcopal School in Potomac, Md.
GO Sources: Trump Asked Comey To Shut Down Flynn Investigation .
GO Updated at 9:10 p. m. ET, President Trump asked   Director James Comey to close down the agency’s investigation into his former national security adviser Michael Flynn just one day after Flynn was let go, according to two sources close to Comey.
GO Price’s Remarks On Opioid Treatment Were Unscientific And Damaging, Experts Say.
GO Addiction experts are up in arms over remarks by Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price in which he referred to   treatment for addiction as ”substituting one opioid for another.” Nearly 700 researchers and practitioners sent a letter Monday communicating their criticisms to Price and urging him to ”set the record straight.” The medicines Price referred to are methadone and buprenorphine, both of which are opioids.
GO Puerto Rican Nationalist Oscar López Rivera Is Released.
GO One of President Obama’s last acts in office was to grant clemency to dozens of people, including Puerto Rican nationalist Oscar López Rivera.
GO President Trump Denies Asking Comey To Scuttle Flynn Investigation .
GO Updated at 5:57 p. m. ET, In his first   remarks amid burgeoning scandals engulfing his White House, President Trump denied he asked   Director James Comey to scuttle an investigation into his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn.
GO Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz To Leave Office At The End Of June.
GO Updated at 7:20 p. m. ET, Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz says he will resign his congressional seat effective June 30.
GO 1 Person Killed, 22 Injured After Car Plows Into Crowd In Times Square.
GO Updated at 12:45 a. m. ET, At least one person was killed Thursday when a vehicle hit a crowd of pedestrians in Times Square, according to fire officials in New York City.
GO Brazilian President Says He Won’t Resign Over Hush Money Allegations.
GO Brazilian President Michel Temer says he won’t be resigning over allegations that he endorsed hush money payments to a former ally, denying the charges in an address on TV.
GO Comey Agrees To Testify Before The Senate Intelligence Committee.
GO Updated at 8:19 p. m. ET, Former FBI Director James Comey has agreed to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee in an open session.
GO Report: Trump Told Russians He Fired ’Nut Job’ Comey Because Of Investigation.
GO President Trump told Russian officials last week that he had fired the ”nut job” FBI Director James Comey to ease the pressure of the mounting investigation into his campaign’s ties to Russia, according to a report from The New York Times.
GO Rosenstein On Comey Memo: ’I Wrote It. I Believe It. I Stand By It’ .
GO Updated at 4:10 p. m. ET, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein told members of Congress that he knew President Trump planned to fire FBI Director James Comey before he wrote a memo that the White House has cited to justify the termination.
GO Japan’s Cabinet Moves To Allow Emperor To Abdicate .
GO Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s Cabinet approved legislation Friday allowing Japan’s emperor to abdicate the throne.
GO New Orleans Takes Down Statue Of Gen. Robert E. Lee.
GO Updated at 7:30 p. m. ET, A towering statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee no longer stands over the city of New Orleans.
GO At $110.5 Million, Basquiat Painting Becomes Priciest Work Ever Sold By A U.S. Artist.
GO   Basquiat joined ”joined the pantheon of great, great artists” Thursday night, when the late painter’s 1982 work Untitled sold for a   $110.
GO 82 Chibok Girls Reunited With Their Families After More Than 3 Years.
GO After more than three years in captivity, 82 of the Chibok schoolgirls have been reunited with their families amid tears, laughter, music and dancing.
GO The Beatles’ First Take Of ’Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds’.
GO On February 28, 1967, The Beatles were in Abbey Road Studios in London working on a new song, ”Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.” Today we’re premiering ”take one,” the first attempt The Beatles made at recording it.
GO In Saudi Arabia, Trump Says Fight Against Terrorism A ’Battle Between Good And Evil’.
GO The fight against terrorism is a ”battle between good and evil,” not a fight between ”different faiths, different sects, or different civilizations,” President Trump said Sunday in a   speech in Saudi Arabia.
GO Saudis And The UAE Will Donate $100 Million To A Fund Inspired By Ivanka Trump.
GO Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates will donate a combined $100 million to a World Bank fund for women entrepreneurs that was the brainchild of Ivanka Trump.
GO Why A Surgeon Taught A Non-Doctor To Do Brain Surgery.
GO Dr. Dilantha Ellegala, a brain surgeon, trained someone who isn’t a doctor to do brain surgery.
GO 4 Climbers Killed In Deadly Week On Mount Everest.
GO Four people died on Mount Everest in the past week, bringing the number of climbers killed on the mountain during the current spring climbing season to six.
GO Manchester Concert Bombing: What We Know Tuesday.
GO Updated at 5:55 p. m. ET, One day after a bombing at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England, killed at least 22 victims and wounded dozens more, police have identified a suspect: Salman Abedi, 22, who also died in the attack.
GO This Land Is ... Cut Under Trump’s Budget?.
GO Rural communities dependent on U. S. public lands for everything from outdoor recreation to hunting to livestock grazing could be hit hard under the Trump administration’s latest budget proposal unveiled Tuesday.
GO The Modern Love Podcast: Ruth Negga Reads ‘My Touchstone and a Heart of Gold’ - The New York Times.
GO In this week’s podcast, the actress Ruth Negga (“Loving”) reads “My Touchstone and a Heart of Gold,” the story of a woman who realizes that loving her means loving her tortoise, too.
GO Judge Orders That Bottled Water Be Delivered to Residents of Flint, Mich. - The New York Times.
GO A federal judge in Michigan on Thursday ordered that bottled water be delivered to residents of Flint, Mich. more than two years after the city’s switch to an untreated source resulted in contaminated and undrinkable water.
GO Robert Vaughn, Who Starred as Napoleon Solo in ‘Man From U.N.C.L.E.,’ Dies at 83 - The New York Times.
GO Robert Vaughn, the   actor who reached the peak of his fame in the 1960s playing Napoleon Solo, the debonair international agent tasked with saving the world each week on the hit television series “The Man From U. N. C. L. E. ,” died on Friday in Danbury, Conn.
GO Mose Allison, a Fount of Jazz and Blues, Dies at 89 - The New York Times.
GO Mose Allison, a pianist, singer and songwriter who straddled modern jazz and Delta blues, belonging to both styles even as he became a touchstone for British Invasion rockers and folksy troubadours, died on Tuesday at his home in Hilton Head, S. C. He was 89.
GO Dr. Denton Cooley, Whose Pioneering Heart Surgery Set Off a 40-Year Medical Feud, Dies at 96 - The New York Times.
GO Dr. Denton A. Cooley, the renowned surgeon who was the first to implant a totally artificial heart in a patient and in the process set off one of medicine’s greatest feuds, died on Friday at his home in Houston.
GO Trump Foundation May Have Used Money to Benefit One of Its Own - The New York Times.
GO   Donald J. Trump’s foundation has acknowledged that it may have run afoul of   rules that guard against using money meant for charity to benefit principals of the organization, according to its 2015 tax filing.
GO When to Leave on Your Thanksgiving Drive - The New York Times.
GO When should you leave for your Thanksgiving drive in order to avoid getting stuck in traffic with the tens of millions of people on the road?
GO Eli Lilly’s Experimental Alzheimer’s Drug Fails in Large Trial - The New York Times.
GO An experimental Alzheimer’s drug that had previously appeared to show promise in slowing the deterioration of thinking and memory has failed in a large Eli Lilly clinical trial, dealing a significant disappointment to patients hoping for a treatment that would alleviate their symptoms.
GO Half a Million Children Are Trapped in Syria, United Nations Says - The New York Times.
GO With violence escalating in Aleppo and elsewhere across   Syria, the United Nations said Saturday that the number of children trapped in besieged areas had doubled in less than a year to half a million.
GO Chicago police superintendent calls for firing officer who shot and killed Laquan McDonald.
GO      The Chicago police superintendent on Tuesday recommended firing five police officers, including the officer who shot and killed Laquan McDonald, the black teenager whose death in 2014 continues to reverberate through the country’s   local police force.
GO ‘He said he cannot get out’: Police release first 911 recordings from Pulse shooting in Orlando.
GO          Authorities in Florida on Tuesday released a handful of 911 calls about the shooting inside Pulse nightclub in Orlando, making public for the first time recordings of what police were told about the attack while it was happening.
GO Penn State announces plans to honor Joe Paterno at Sept. 17 football game.
GO      Penn State plans to commemorate the 50th anniversary of disgraced former coach Joe Paterno’s first game as head of the Nittany Lions during its Sept. 17 outing against Temple.
GO 12 things I learned from the FBI report on Hillary Clinton’s private email server.
GO          On Friday afternoon, the FBI released its   report on the investigation into the private email server Hillary Clinton used while serving as secretary of state.
GO Brock Turner released after serving half of his six-month sentence for sexual assault.
GO Brock Turner, who was convicted of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman outside a Stanford University fraternity house, was released from a Northern California jail Friday morning after serving half of his widely criticized   sentence.
GO Bay Area police union threatens to boycott 49ers games because of Colin Kaepernick.
GO      Police in Santa Clara, Calif. have threatened to stop securing Levi’s Stadium during games as long as quarterback Colin Kaepernick continues to protest during the national anthem, NBC Bay Area reports.
GO Danny Heinrich admits he abducted and killed Jacob Wetterling, ending a 27-year-old mystery.
GO           Moments after Danny Heinrich abducted Jacob Wetterling on a rural road in Minnesota, the man handcuffed the    boy and forced him into a car.
GO Brock Turner is now registered as a sex offender in Ohio after spending three months in jail.
GO      Brock Turner, a former Stanford University student who was convicted in March of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman outside a Stanford fraternity house, registered as a sex offender in Ohio on Tuesday morning, four days after his release from a Northern California jail.
GO ITT Technical Institutes shut down after 50 years in operation.
GO          ITT Educational Services, one of the largest operators of   technical schools, ended operations at all of its ITT Technical Institutes on Tuesday, citing government action to curtail the company’s access to millions of dollars in federal loans and grants, a critical source of revenue.
GO Apple actually introduces a new product at its iPhone event.
GO          Apple unveiled its new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Wednesday, highlighting a lot of    changes to its most important product.
GO The Ann Coulter jokes at the Rob Lowe roast? They really were that brutal..
GO      After Comedy Central’s “Roast of Rob Lowe” filmed 10 days ago, word got out almost immediately: The event really became a roast of Ann Coulter.
GO Gary Johnson just has one simple question: ‘And what is Aleppo?’.
GO      It would be easy to describe Gary Johnson’s appearance on MSNBC’s ”Morning Joe” on Thursday as having doomed his   candidacy for president were it not for the fact that his candidacy was already doomed.
GO Federal government moves to halt oil pipeline construction near Standing Rock Sioux tribal land.
GO           A federal judge ruled Friday against the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe’s request for a preliminary injunction to halt construction on the Dakota Access crude oil pipeline that the tribe says endangers sacred burial grounds and could threaten its water supply from Lake Oahe, a dammed section of the Missouri river.
GO On birtherism, Donald Trump’s campaign manager wants him to be somebody Trump doesn’t want to be.
GO      Kellyanne Conway, Donald Trump’s campaign manager, sat for an interview with CNN Friday morning in which she became the latest prominent surrogate for the Republican presidential candidate to attempt a walk away from his long support of the disproved notion that President Obama was not born in the United States.
GO Cosby sexual-misconduct allegations included in display at African American museum.
GO      A direct reference to the sexual misconduct allegations against comedian Bill Cosby and acknowledgement that they have “severely damaged his reputation” have been added to the entertainment gallery of the new National Museum of African American History and Culture.
GO Trump’s campaign says he’s given ‘tens of millions’ to charity, but offers no details and no proof.
GO      A spokeswoman for Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, seeking to rebut criticism of the GOP nominee’s history of charitable giving, said that Trump has given away ”tens of millions of dollars” over his life.
GO House Democrats ask for Justice investigation as New York AG looks into Trump Foundation.
GO      Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee are asking the Justice Department to investigate the circumstances surrounding a $25, 000 donation the Donald J. Trump Foundation made to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi at a time when her office was considering whether to open a fraud investigation of Trump University.
GO Donald Trump’s campaign manager gave a very combative interview on CNN this morning.
GO      Kellyanne Conway, campaign manager for Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, sat down with CNN’s ”New Day”   Alisyn Camerota on Tuesday morning, It was, um, very combative.
GO Donald J. Trump Foundation is Trump’s money, his campaign manager says. No..
GO      Donald Trump’s campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, was asked on CNN this morning to provide evidence to prove Trump’s claim that he has given generously to charity.
GO Russian scientists are ‘besieged’ by polar bears at a remote Arctic post.
GO          A team of Russian weather experts claim that their station on an   Arctic isle is ”besieged” by polar bears, according to a report by Russian news agency TASS.
GO Almost all men with early prostate cancer survive 10 years, regardless of treatment.
GO      The survival rate for   prostate cancer is 99 percent after 10 years, regardless of whether men undergo surgery, radiation or are ”actively monitored,” according to studies published Wednesday.
GO Mike Mullen and Sam Nunn: How to deal with North Korea.
GO    Mike Mullen, a retired U. S. Navy admiral and former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and Sam Nunn, a former Democratic senator from Georgia, are   of the Independent Task Force on U. S. Policy Toward North Korea, which was sponsored by the Council on Foreign Relations.
GO After investigation, Navy’s Blue Angels to stop using maneuver that killed pilot.
GO      The Navy’s Blue Angels stunt team will stop performing the aerial maneuver that a pilot attempted during a fatal crash in June and implement a variety of other changes after an investigation found the pilot’s errors caused the crash, Navy officials said Thursday.
GO How Tom Brady is dealing with the post-Deflategate blues.
GO In his first public comments since waving the white flag on Deflategate, Tom Brady called it a “personal decision” to drop his fight against the NFL to overturn his suspension.
GO Comey: ’No Reasonable Prosecutor Would Bring Such a Case’.
GO    NEWS BRIEF With the Democratic convention only a few weeks away, the Hillary Clinton camp can release a sigh of relief after FBI Director James Comey announced that the agency found that “no charges are appropriate” in the probe into the former secretary of state’s emails.
GO ‘An orgasm left me paralyzed’.
GO A mom has revealed how having sex with her husband led to her having a stroke that left her permanently paralyzed and wheelchair bound.
GO HS Athlete Suspended for Tweet Slamming Rules Banning ’Scoreboard’ and ’Airball’ Chants - Breitbart.
GO A Wisconsin high school suspended an athlete who posted a tweet criticizing new WIAA rules banning students from using certain words aimed at opposing teams in chants during games.
GO Muslim Woman Says She Was Fired From New Job for Wearing Hijab - Breitbart.
GO Per a Fox 2 report, a Muslim woman says she was fired from her new job because she refused to remove her hijab.
GO Jay Leno: Trump Needs To Have The Crap Beaten Out Of Him.
GO While discussing Donald Trump’s presidential run, former Tonight Show host Jay Leno said the Republican nominee’s problems stem from the fact that no one has ever “beaten the crap out of him.
GO Conway: Trump Winning Because He Is ’Closing With a Positive Message’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on CNN’S “New Day,” Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said Trump is wining because he is “closing with a positive message.
GO Trump: Paul Ryan Is ’a Good Man’ - ’He Wants Good Things For The Country, We Will Agree on Many Things’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) was “a good man and that he wanted “good things for the country, noting that he and Ryan “will agree on many things.
GO Presidential Debate: Hillary Clinton Calls for Background Checks to Fix ’Gun Epidemic’ - Breitbart.
GO During the September 26 presidential debate Hillary Clinton said America has a “gun epidemic” and called for background checks to fix it.
GO Glenn Beck: Sarah Palin’s Trump Endorsement Reminded Me of Howard Dean’s Scream - Breitbart.
GO Glenn Beck said Tuesday night in a Facebook video to his fans that Sarah Palin’s endorsement of Donald Trump reminded him of Howard Dean’s   2004 campaign moment that came to be known as the “Dean Scream.
GO USA Today: Rio Police Lying About Ryan Lochte Gas Station Encounter - Breitbart.
GO In an extensive investigation featuring an eyewitness interview, observance of multiple surveillance camera videos, and an   visit, USA Today has found significant evidence that American Olympic champion Ryan Lochte was robbed at a gas station in Rio de Janeiro, and police lied about him and three other U. S. swimmers vandalizing a bathroom.
GO RNC Chair Priebus: It’s Not Going To Be Easy to Run Again for Presidential Candidates Who Broke Their Promise to Support Trump - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s ‘Face the Nation,” Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus said of the 2016 GOP presidential primary candidates who are not supporting Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, “If they’re thinking they’re going to run again some day, you know I think that we’re going to evaluate the process of the nomination process and I don’t think it’s going to be that easy for them.
GO SHOCK: Polls Show Trump Leads Cruz Among South Carolina Evangelicals - Breitbart.
GO Four recent polls of the South Carolina GOP primary show that Donald Trump leads Ted Cruz among the 65 percent of likely GOP primary voters who   as evangelical Christians.
GO Cruz: Trump ‘Trying to Perpetuate the Biggest Fraud in the History of Electoral Politics’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday, on CNN’s “State of the Union With Jake Tapper,” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said his rival Donald Trump is “pretending to be an outsider,” and “trying to perpetuate the biggest fraud in the history of electoral politics.
GO Obama Administration Denies Jerusalem Is Located in Israel - Breitbart.
GO The White House press office on Friday struck out “Israel” as the country in which Jerusalem is located when distributing a transcript of President Obama’s remarks at the funeral of former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres.
GO Trey Gowdy: More Illegal Immigrants Convicted of Crimes At Large in the U.S. Than The Population of Pittsburgh - Breitbart.
GO There are more illegal immigrant criminals in the United States than the population of major U. S. cities, Rep. Trey Gowdy ( ) argues, expressing frustration at the Obama administration’s focus on the plight of illegal immigrants rather than the victims of their crimes.
GO Bill Clinton Is Asked If His ’Past’ with Women Is Fair Game.
GO Former President Bill Clinton was asked Monday about his “past,” following Donald Trump’s comments on Clinton’s long record of sexually harassing women.
GO Donald Trump at RNC: I Will Protect the 2nd Amendment, Hillary Clinton Would ’Abolish’ It - Breitbart.
GO During his July 21 speech at the Republican National Convention, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump reasserted his commitment to protect the Second Amendment while warning that Hillary Clinton would “abolish” it.
GO Bolton: Hillary Can’t Face Benghazi Mother Pat Smith -- ’Tested in a Crisis Situation, Hillary’s Character Failed’.
GO Former UN Ambassador John Bolton spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon about Hillary Clinton and grieving Benghazi mother Pat Smith Thursday, saying, “I don’t think [Hillary Clinton] can face Mrs. Smith today.
GO Brooks: Cruz Has ’Dark and Satanic Tones’ That Rubio Is Adopting Some Of - Breitbart.
GO New York Times columnist David Brooks argued that Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz has “dark and satanic tones” and that fellow candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio is starting to adopt on Friday’s “PBS NewsHour.
GO Donald Trump to Play Golf with Tiger Woods - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump plans to golf with the legendary Tiger Woods, in his first public round since winning the presidency in November.
GO NJ Man Arrested for Using Mirror to Look Up Women’s Skirts at Target - Breitbart.
GO A New Jersey man has been arrested and accused of using a mirror secreted in a basket to look up the dresses of women at a local Target store.
GO Actress Carrie Fisher: Trump ’Absolutely’ a Cocaine Addict.
GO Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher speculated Sunday night that Donald Trump’s occasional sniffling during the second presidential debate stems from the fact that he is “absolutely” a cocaine user.
GO Business That Paid Bill Clinton $17M+ Linked to Nonprofit Funded by Hillary’s State Department - Breitbart.
GO Laureate International Universities, the world’s largest   college conglomerate with several ties to the Clinton Foundation, named Bill Clinton its “honorary chancellor” and paid him nearly $18 million while its affiliated nonprofit received millions in grants from Hillary Clinton’s State Department.
GO Texas Lt. Gov. Asks Schools Not to Implement Obama’s Transgender Bathroom Policies.
GO Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick made good on a promise to pen a letter asking all of the state’s public school districts not to implement President Obama’s transgender bathroom, locker room, and shower policies.
GO Roger Stone on The Milo Show: How Trump Can Fight Voter Fraud - Breitbart.
GO Republican strategist, lobbyist, and Donald Trump confidante Roger Stone joined Breitbart‘s Milo Yiannopoulos on the latest episode of the Milo Yiannopoulos Show to discuss voter fraud and how Trump has the ability to beat it.
GO Obama: Vote for Hillary Because She’s an Old, Career Politician - Breitbart.
GO In an election cycle in which voters are rejecting career politicians, President Barack Obama on Tuesday praised Hillary Clinton for being an old, career politician.
GO Snoop Dogg: Kaepernick ’Hypocritical’ to Support Fidel Castro - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday,   Snoop Dogg called San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick “hypocritical” to protest social injustice but praise recently deceased Cuban Dictator Fidel Castro, although Kaepernick has since tried to back away from his Castro support.
GO WATCH: Spike Lee Enlists Susan Sarandon, Rosario Dawson, Alan Cumming in New York Bernie Ad - Breitbart.
GO A political ad created by director Spike Lee features Susan Sarandon, Alan Cumming, Rosario Dawson, and other celebrities urging New York Democrats to vote for Sen. Bernie Sanders in Tuesday’s primary.
GO SF High School Football Team Refuses to Stand for Anthem - Breitbart.
GO Inspired by Colin Kaepernick’s ongoing protest of the national anthem, every player of San Francisco’s Mission High School’s varsity football team, save one, failed to stand for the playing of “The Star Spangled Banner” on Friday night.
GO Donald Trump: ’I Will Always Tell You the Truth’.
GO Donald Trump, speaking from a teleprompter during his campaign rally in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday, proclaimed he is the “change candidate” and admitted that because he isn’t politically correct, he doesn’t always use the right words.
GO CNN’s Rye: Trump’s Election ’Far From Legitimate,’ ’That Guy Is Not My President’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of CNN’s “AC360,” CNN Political Commentator Angela Rye stated that “Donald Trump’s election, in my mind, is far from legitimate.
GO Sen. Jeff Sessions Slams Hillary Clinton’s Foreign Student Plan, Would Hurt American Grads - Breitbart.
GO Democratic Candidate Hillary Clinton’s plan to “staple” a green card to the diplomas of foreign students graduating with masters and PhDs in the Science, Technology, Education, and Mathematics fields would hurt the job prospects and wages of American graduates already struggling in a glutted labor market, according to Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ).
GO Hillary on Trump: ‘You Can Put Lipstick On A Pig, But It’s Still a Pig’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday at a campaign rally in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, Democratic presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said of the policies of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, “You can put lipstick on a pig but it is still a pig.
GO Breitbart’s Aaron Klein: Adopt Israeli Model of Armed Guards at U.S. Soft Targets - Breitbart.
GO In the wake of the Orlando terrorist shooting massacre, the U. S. should consider adopting the Israeli model of deploying private security guards at soft targets like night clubs, shopping centers and restaurants, Breitbart Jerusalem Bureau Chief Aaron Klein suggested on Sunday night.
GO AfD MEP Calls for Merkel to Be Investigated over Migrant Deaths.
GO Alternative for Germany (AfD) MEP Beatrix von Storch has called for a “Merkel Investigation Committee” to be set up to probe the links between Angela Merkel’s open door immigration policy and the thousands of migrants lost at sea in the Mediterranean this year alone.
GO Trump Wins Michigan Becomes First Republican to Do So Since 1988.
GO Donald Trump has officially won the state of Michigan, making him the first Republican to do so since George H. W. Bush in 1988.
GO Michigan MILO Protesters Could Face Two Years in Jail - Breitbart.
GO Five of the protesters that were arrested at Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s event at Michigan State University could face felony charges, Michigan Live reports.
GO Black Civil Rights, Pro-Life Leaders Hold Prayer Rally Outside Planned Parenthood in D.C..
GO Dr. Alveda King, director of Civil Rights for the Unborn and niece of legendary civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. is leading a human rights prayer rally Saturday afternoon at the Planned Parenthood located in Washington, D. C.[African American leaders are pushing “100 No More,” a   message.
GO Chris Christie Pitches Himself as the Anti-Trump Candidate.
GO New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is making it clear that he wants to be the   candidate.
GO Donald Rumsfeld: Donald Trump ’Touched A Nerve’ - Breitbart.
GO Former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld says GOP frontrunner Donald Trump “touched a nerve” with Americans, adding, “It’s just amazing.
GO WATCH: BBC Presenter Signs Off ’Inshallah’ On Flagship Debate Programme.
GO A BBC presenter has signed off ‘Inshallah’ or ‘If Allah Wills It’ at the end of one of the organisation’s flagship, nationally televised debating programmes.
GO Mexican Mayor Murdered Less Than One Day After Taking Office.
GO In an act that has become all too common, individuals allegedly affiliated with organized crime have murdered the mayor of a small town in Mexico less than a day since she took office.
GO Michigan Election Official: ’No Reason to Believe Large Numbers of Votes Will Be Found’ to Change Trump 13,107 Vote Win - Breitbart.
GO “There’s no reason to believe there will be large numbers of votes that will be found subsequent to the current reporting,” Michigan Secretary of State spokesperson Fred Woodhams tells Breitbart News.
GO Donald Trump Has Not Spoken with California Primary Director.
GO Tim Clark, the director of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign in the California primary, has not spoken to the candidate in the two weeks since he has been hired, according to the UK Guardian.
GO Louie Gohmert on Donald Trump’s Transgender Bathroom Support: ’Hopefully that Will Be Another One of the Positions He’ll Change’ - Breitbart.
GO Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) took to the United States House floor on Thursday afternoon to express criticism of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s comments about the North Carolina bathroom law that prohibits transgenders from using public restrooms, which Trump opposes.
GO Exposing The Clinton Global Financial Network - Breitbart.
GO Revelations in the Panama Papers that key Clinton financial partners had numerous offshore entities is the latest investigation to expose the secretive Clinton Global Financial Network.
GO Landlord Will Not Rent to Donald Trump Supporters.
GO A landlord in Grand Junction, CO, stated in his listing he will not rent to Republican candidate Donald Trump’s supporters.
GO Donald Trump Could Win 40 Percent of Minorities’ Vote in 2020, Says Steve Bannon - Breitbart.
GO A successful first term for President Donald Trump could earn him huge support among minorities in the 2020 election, and also lock in   economic policies for the next two generations, says Trump’s top political consultant, Steve Bannon.
GO North Korea threatens US with ‘merciless’ attacks.
GO North Korea threatened the US with “merciless” attacks if an aircraft carrier steaming to the area violates the rogue nation’s “sovereignty and dignity,” according to a report.
GO Soundgarden’s Chris Cornell autopsy: drugs in system did not play role in his death.
GO Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell had several prescription drugs in his system but they didn’t contribute to his death in a Detroit hotel room, autopsy reports released on Friday showed.
GO Pollution responsible for quarter of deaths of young children, says WHO.
GO Pollution is responsible for one in four deaths among all children under five, according to new World Health Organisation reports, with toxic air, unsafe water, and and lack of sanitation the leading causes.
GO Usain Bolt insists doctor Müller-Wohlfahrt will fix him for London.
GO Usain Bolt has flown to see the German doctor     in order to fix the back problems that flared up during his narrow win in Ostrava on Wednesday but has no doubts he can recover in time for the world championships in London.
GO Life expectancy forecast to exceed 90 years in coming decades.
GO Life expectancy will soon exceed 90 years for the first time, scientists have predicted, overturning all the assumptions about human longevity that prevailed at the beginning of the 20th century.
GO Pope Francis: better to be an atheist than a hypocritical Catholic.
GO Pope Francis has delivered another criticism of some members of his own church, suggesting it was better to be an atheist than one of many Catholics who he said lead a hypocritical double life.
GO My reaction to the Times Square crash: I hoped his name wasn’t Muhammad.
GO When I got a news alert last week saying that a car had crashed into pedestrians in New York’s Times Square, my first thought was: “Please, say the driver’s name isn’t Muhammad.
GO Manchester United set to sign Nemanja Matic from Chelsea for around £40m.
GO José Mourinho is intent on signing Chelsea’s Nemanja Matic, with Manchester United hopeful of completing a £40m transfer this week.
GO Revealed: the tower block fire warnings that ministers ignored.
GO The extent to which government ministers failed to act on expert warnings about inadequate fire safety rules before the Grenfell Tower disaster in London can be revealed by the Observer.
GO Oakland Raiders make $125m Derek Carr highest-paid player in NFL history.
GO Derek Carr has signed a $125m,   contract with the Oakland Raiders in a deal that will make him the highest paid player in NFL history.
GO Brie Larson says not applauding Casey Affleck for Oscars win ’spoke for itself’.
GO Brie Larson has said that her decision not to applaud Casey Affleck at the Academy Awards in February “spoke for itself”.
GO Can the contraceptive pill protect women from cancer?.
GO Who is suggesting that the pill might protect women from cancer as well as from pregnancy?
GO Pakistan: man sentenced to death for blasphemy on Facebook.
GO An   court in Pakistan has sentenced a man to death for allegedly committing blasphemy on Facebook, the latest step in an intensified crackdown on dissent on social media.
GO Absolute Power at 20: what we can learn from a thriller about an evil president.
GO Returning to Clint Eastwood’s Absolute Power on the 20th anniversary of its release, on Valentine’s Day 1997, I was hoping that its story of a womanizing president of the United States trying to cover up the murder of his own mistress by Secret Service agents might find some echo in reality now that we have an unabashedly bad guy in the Oval Office for real.
GO Jeff Sessions agrees to appear before Senate intelligence committee.
GO The US attorney general, Jeff Sessions, has agreed to appear before the Senate intelligence committee next week as it investigates alleged Russian meddling in the presidential election.
GO Scottish independence: May set to refuse referendum until after Brexit.
GO Theresa May is expected to refuse a new Scottish independence referendum unless it is held after the UK has quit the EU.
GO Nearly extinct tigers found breeding in Thai jungle.
GO The critically endangered Indochinese tiger has been found to be breeding in a Thai jungle, providing hope for a subspecies whose total population may number only a couple of hundred.
GO Betsy DeVos confirmed as education secretary after Mike Pence breaks tie.
GO With a historic   vote by the   Mike Pence, Betsy DeVos was confirmed as secretary of education on Tuesday in the closest Senate vote so far for one of Donald Trump’s cabinet nominees.
GO Climate change progress at Trump’s EPA is grinding to a halt, workers reveal.
GO Current and former Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) employees have described how work on climate change is grinding to a halt at the agency, with programs being scrapped and fears that staff may be reassigned away from   tasks.
GO San Francisco gets record-setting $100m donation to end homelessness.
GO A private organization has pledged $100m to fight chronic homelessness in San Francisco, the largest donation of its kind to the city and possibly the biggest privately funded push to end homelessness anywhere.
GO Common painkillers may raise risk of heart attack by 100% – study.
GO Commonly prescribed painkillers including ibuprofen increase the likelihood of having a heart attack within the first month of taking them if consumed in high doses, a study suggests.
GO Arsenal’s Danny Welbeck and Theo Walcott run riot against Southampton.
GO Arsenal extended their unbeaten start to 2017 as they coasted into the FA Cup fifth round by comfortably disposing of Southampton, with Theo Walcott marking his return from a calf injury by bagging a   against his former club and Danny Welbeck scoring twice.
GO Brexit talks will fail without compromise: José Manuel Barroso.
GO Brexit negotiations are on course to fail unless both Britain and the European Union ditch their    approach to the coming talks, the former president of the European commission José Manuel Barroso has said.
GO Riot charges dropped against three more journalists at inauguration protests.
GO Three more journalists who were arrested while covering protests against Donald Trump’s inauguration have had felony charges against them dropped by prosecutors.
GO Argentina: Brexit could end Europe’s support for UK control of Falklands.
GO Argentina believes Brexit might cost Britain the support of European allies for its control of the Falkland Islands and is watching developments closely, the Argentinian foreign minister said in Brussels.
GO Robert Mugabe begins speaking tour across Zimbabwe aged 93.
GO Robert Mugabe has launched a   speaking tour across Zimbabwe aimed at drumming up support ahead of elections next year when he plans to seek office again.
GO Iranian baby girl in need of heart surgery gets waiver to enter US after travel ban.
GO A    Iranian girl in need of an emergency heart surgery has received an emergency waiver for Donald Trump’s   travel ban on Iranian citizens, New York governor Andrew Cuomo announced late Friday.
GO The peaceful one: José Mourinho says he is more mature at Manchester United.
GO José Mourinho has said he is a more mature manager than he was at the start of his career and believes he is able to transmit that serenity to his Manchester United players.
GO US federal court tosses out lawsuit over Yemeni men killed in drone strike.
GO A US federal appeals court has thrown out a lawsuit by the families of two Yemeni men allegedly killed as innocent bystanders in a US drone strike in 2012.
GO US airports on frontline as Donald Trump’s travel ban causes chaos and protests.
GO Donald Trump’s executive order to close America’s borders to travellers from some   countries caused chaos on Saturday, as multiple people who had flown to the US were held at major airports while others were barred from boarding flights or were pulled off planes overseas.
GO Donald Trump documentary added to Sundance lineup.
GO A documentary telling the inside story of Donald Trump’s stunning presidential election victory has been added to the Sundance film festival lineup.
GO Turkish schools to stop teaching evolution, official says.
GO Evolution will no longer be taught in Turkish schools, a senior education official has said, in a move likely to raise the ire of the country’s secular opposition.
GO Draymond Green accuses Knicks owner James Dolan of ’slave master mentality’.
GO The Golden State Warriors’ Draymond Green has waded into the James   Oakley feud by accusing the Knicks owner of a “slave master mentality” and triggering one of the more embarrassing chapters in team history.
GO Bob Dylan delivers ’extraordinary’ Nobel lecture – in the nick of time.
GO Bob Dylan has delivered his Nobel lecture, the only requirement to claim the money that comes with his prize for literature, the Swedish Academy confirmed on Monday.
GO Jeff Koons plagiarised French photographer for Naked sculpture.
GO The American artist Jeff Koons plagiarised a French photographer for one of his celebrated sculptures, Naked, a French court has ruled.
GO M Night Shyamalan announces sequel to Unbreakable and Split in same film.
GO The Sixth Sense director M Night Shyamalan has announced that his new film will act as a sequel to both Split, his recent hit   thriller starring James McAvoy, and Unbreakable, the 2000 superhero film featuring Bruce Willis and Samuel L Jackson.
GO Four more journalists get felony charges after covering inauguration unrest.
GO Four more journalists have been charged with felonies after being arrested while covering the unrest around Donald Trump’s inauguration, meaning that at least six media workers are facing up to 10 years in prison and a $25, 000 fine if convicted.
GO Gustav Metzger, pioneer of auto-destructive art, dies aged 90.
GO Gustav Metzger, the inventor of   art who spent a lifetime baffling, infuriating and thrilling audiences, as well as influencing generations of younger artists, has died aged 90.
GO Israel to cut $6m from UN dues in protest over settlements resolution.
GO Israel has announced it is cutting approximately $6m in its annual dues to the United Nations this year to protest last month’s security council resolution condemning Israeli settlements as “a flagrant violation under international law”.
GO Emma Watson taking legal action after private photo hack.
GO Emma Watson is taking legal action after private photos of the star were allegedly stolen and leaked online.
GO GOP candidate Greg Gianforte has financial ties to US-sanctioned Russian companies.
GO • This story was originally published on 28 April 2017, A Republican congressional candidate has financial ties to a number of Russian companies that have been sanctioned by the US, the Guardian has learned.
GO Credibility of Trump’s EU ambassador pick called into question by leading MEP.
GO The credibility of Ted Malloch, the man tipped to be Donald Trump’s ambassador to the EU, is under question, the leader of one of the biggest political groups in the European parliament has said.
GO Chelsea football fans convicted of racist violence in Paris.
GO Four Chelsea football fans have been convicted of racist violence and given suspended prison sentences after a black commuter was pushed off a Paris Métro carriage in Paris while fans chanted: “We’re racist, we’re racist, and that’s the way we like it.
GO Trump could slash civil service pay to $1. Will he use the ’Armageddon rule’?.
GO Before he even won, Donald Trump had already threatened civil liberties and the central tenets of democracy when he said he wanted to jail his political opponent and sue the New York Times.
GO Donald Trump announces meeting with Pope Francis in Italy before it is finalized.
GO Donald Trump has signalled that he expects to meet Pope Francis, with whom he has clashed in the past, when he travels to Italy next month.
GO eSports to be a medal event at 2022 Asian Games.
GO eSports will be an official medal sport at the 2022 Asian Games in China, in the boldest step yet toward mainstream recognition of competitive gaming.
GO FBI director job: the four people being interviewed on Saturday.
GO Senior Trump administration officials are due on Saturday to interview four candidates to succeed James Comey as the FBI’s permanent director.
GO Lindsay Lohan: ’I was racially profiled and asked to remove headscarf at Heathrow’.
GO Lindsay Lohan, the actor best known for her roles in films such as Mean Girls, has said she was “racially profiled” at Heathrow airport recently.
GO Urban Myths director defends casting of white actor as Michael Jackson.
GO The director of the upcoming Sky Arts series Urban Myths has defended the casting of a white actor as Michael Jackson, saying the decision was based on performance rather than physical resemblance.
GO Wild boar gives British ambassador to Austria a scare.
GO Britain’s ambassador to Austria has generally been given a warm welcome, but a local wild boar appeared to have little time for diplomatic niceties.
GO UFC president offers $25m apiece to Conor McGregor, Floyd Mayweather.
GO UFC president Dana White said on Friday that he would pay $25m apiece to Floyd Mayweather Jr and and MMA star Conor McGregor for a presumed boxing match with the split of additional    revenue between the fighters to be determined.
GO Robert De Niro writes letter of support to Meryl Streep.
GO Robert De Niro is among a growing number of celebrities who have paid tribute to Meryl Streep following her attack on Donald Trump at the Golden Globe awards on 8 January.
GO Companies cannot discriminate against LGBT employees, federal court rules.
GO Companies cannot discriminate against LGBT employees in the workplace because of their sexual orientation, a federal appeals court said, in a ruling that a gay rights group called a “game changer”.
GO Game of Thrones spin-off series in the works, HBO confirms.
GO HBO has confirmed that a team of writers and Game of Thrones creator George RR Martin are working on ideas for   shows that could see the fantasy show’s reign as the king of prestige TV continue for years.
GO Jeff Sessions must now tell America the whole truth.
GO Before answering questions from the Senate judiciary committee on 10 January,   Jeff Sessions raised his hand and pledged an oath to tell “the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth”.
GO Jeb Bush and Derek Jeter reportedly agree $1.3bn deal to buy Miami Marlins.
GO The Miami Marlins could shortly have some new and famous owners, after Jeb Bush and Derek Jeter agreed a deal to buy the team.
GO Syria conflict: Russia must act now to end bloodshed, says Fallon.
GO Russia is directly complicit in the bloodshed taking place in Syria and must act immediately to help bring an end to the country’s   conflict, the UK defence secretary, has said.
GO Gold review – Matthew McConaughey is insufferably hammy.
GO Matthew McConaughey is insufferably hammy and tiresomely   in this shapeless, unsatisfying movie, taken from a   South Sea Bubble case of credulity and greed.
GO Tories may have to ease austerity plans, says Michael Gove.
GO The lack of a majority government means the Conservatives will probably have to ease austerity plans and boost spending on public services, the newly appointed environment secretary, Michael Gove, has said.
GO Families of Westminster attack victims found out fate through pictures online.
GO The families of Kurt Cochran, who was killed in the Westminster terror attack, and his wife Melissa, who was badly injured, found out they had been hurt when they recognised them in photographs posted online.
GO David Miliband: Trump refugee ban threatens west’s global reputation.
GO David Miliband, the former British foreign secretary now heading one of the world’s largest humanitarian aid and refugee resettlement organizations, has denounced President Trump’s refugee ban as a threat to the global standing of all western countries.
GO Stephen Colbert to be investigated by FCC after ’offensive’ Trump joke.
GO Stephen Colbert’s remarks about Donald Trump are going to be investigated by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) according to its chairman.
GO Colin Kaepernick to work out for Seattle Seahawks.
GO   quarterback Colin Kaepernick will work out with the Seattle Seahawks on Wednesday.
GO Charlie Murphy, Chappelle’s Show star, dies aged 57.
GO Charlie Murphy, the older brother of Eddie Murphy and a comic performer who turned his encounters with Rick James and Prince into standout sketches on Chappelle’s Show, has died at the age of 57.
GO Indonesia: gay men facing 100 lashes for having sex.
GO Two gay Indonesian men have been arrested and face 100 lashes in a case that is drawing international attention to the enforcement of controversial new Islamic bylaws in the   Aceh province.
GO Irish American politicians working with Trump urged to remember their history.
GO Irish American politicians working with Donald Trump should have more awareness of how Irish people had been treated in the 19th and 20th centuries in the US and elsewhere, according to an Irish Labour party senator who made headlines after calling Trump a “fascist”.
GO Airline association head: US and UK electronics bans are not sustainable.
GO British and US bans on laptops and tablet computers in flight cabins are not sustainable in the long term, the head of the association representing airlines said Tuesday.
GO Joanna Lumley: Idris Elba should not play James Bond as he doesn’t fit description.
GO Joanna Lumley has said that Idris Elba should not play the role of James Bond because he doesn’t fit the description of the character in Ian Fleming’s original novels.
GO Luis Suárez sent off as nine-man Barcelona edge out Atlético Madrid.
GO Luis Suárez was sent off as   Barcelona held on to reach the Copa del Rey final after a   aggregate victory over Atlético Madrid at the Camp Nou.
GO Sylvester Stallone sues Warner Bros for ’dishonesty’ over Demolition Man profits.
GO Sylvester Stallone is suing Warner Bros for fraud, alleging that the studio intentionally concealed profits from the 1993   film Demolition Man.
GO Trump travel ban: US supreme court partially lifts block on order.
GO The US supreme court handed a partial victory to the Trump administration on Monday as it lifted significant elements of lower court orders blocking the president’s controversial travel ban targeting visa applicants from six   countries.
GO Phil Collins cancels Royal Albert Hall concerts after bad fall.
GO Phil Collins has cancelled the last two of his   comeback concerts at the Royal Albert Hall in London this week, after suffering a fall in his hotel room.
GO Nat Hentoff, columnist, critic and giant of jazz writing, dies aged 91.
GO Nat Hentoff, an eclectic columnist, critic, novelist and agitator dedicated to music, free expression and defying the party line, died on Saturday at age 91.
GO Tim Berners-Lee calls for tighter regulation of online political advertising.
GO Sir Tim   the inventor of the worldwide web, has called for tighter regulation of online political advertising, which he says is being used in “unethical ways”.
GO Me and my penis: 100 men reveal all.
GO Every one of Laura Dodsworth’s penises is unique: introvert and extrovert, straight and bendy, wobblers and bobblers, growers and showers.
GO Bosnia to appeal against 2007 ruling that cleared Serbia of genocide.
GO Fears of a new political crisis in the Balkans are growing after   said it would appeal against a UN court ruling clearing Serbia of genocide during Bosnia’s civil war.
GO 17 Reportedly Arrested In Connection To Kim Kardashian West Robbery.
GO French police have reportedly arrested more than a dozen people during raids linked to the   robbery of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West in Paris last October.
GO Obama’s Farewell Address: How Presidents Use This Moment Of Reflection.
GO In giving his farewell address on Tuesday night in Chicago, President Obama will follow a tradition begun by America’s first president.
GO LISTEN: Before Obama Was President, In His Own Words On NPR.
GO When Barack Obama makes his farewell address Tuesday night, it will be one of the last times we’ll hear from the president, while he’s still actually the president.
GO 5 Top Moments From Rex Tillerson’s Hearing To Be Secretary Of State.
GO Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson had a tense confirmation hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Wednesday, clashing even with Republican members over his views on Russia, international human rights violations and the lobbying and   of Exxon Mobil when he was CEO.
GO Trump Team: Adviser Spoke To Russia Official The Day U.S. Sanctions Were Announced.
GO Gen. Michael Flynn,   Trump’s pick to be national security adviser, did speak to Russian ambassador to the U. S. Sergey Kislyak by telephone on Dec. 29, the same day the Obama administration announced measures retaliating against Russia for interfering in the 2016 presidential campaign, two Trump transition officials confirm to NPR.
GO An Image Of A Child Can Change The Way We See The World.
GO By now, you’ve probably seen the photo of Aylan Kurdi, the    refugee from Syria who died with his    brother and mother after their small rubber boat capsized on its way to Greece.
GO Democrats Rally In Dozens Of Cities To Oppose Obamacare Repeal .
GO With little power left in Washington, Democrats set out on Sunday to make a big statement against GOP efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act with rallies in dozens of cities.
GO In Final Speech As Attorney General, Loretta Lynch Says: ’We Have To Work’.
GO Just days from the end of her tenure, Loretta Lynch took the stage Sunday at a historic Baptist church in Birmingham, Ala. to deliver her final planned speech as U. S. attorney general.
GO Iraqi Forces Retake Mosul University From ISIS, Military Spokesman Says.
GO Iraqi forces have made a crucial step in the bloody quest to retake Mosul from the Islamic State, according to a spokesman for the country’s military.
GO Pardon Sought For Prisoner Who Fought For Puerto Rican Independence .
GO Celebrities, politicians and activists, ranging from Bernie Sanders to Hamilton creator Lin Manuel Miranda and Archbishop Desmond Tutu, are asking President Obama to grant clemency to a man who was part of a militant group that fought for Puerto Rican independence.
GO Orlando Shooter’s Wife Arrested On Federal Charges.
GO Noor Salman, the wife of Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen, has been arrested on federal charges.
GO An Ice Shelf Is Cracking In Antarctica, But Not For The Reason You Think.
GO A group of scientists is gathering this week in the U. K. to discuss a slab of ice that’s cracking in Antarctica.
GO 10 Guantanamo Prisoners Freed In Oman; 45 Detainees Remain.
GO The U. S. has released 10 prisoners from Guantanamo Bay to the Arab nation of Oman, reducing the detainee population to 45 in the waning days of the Obama administration.
GO Nigerian Military Strike Kills Dozens In Displaced Persons Camp.
GO A Nigerian military strike on a camp for internally displaced persons in northeast Nigeria has killed dozens of people, according to Doctors Without Borders.
GO Search For Missing Flight MH370 Suspended After Almost 3 Years.
GO The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has been suspended after nearly three years of fruitless work.
GO Suspect In Istanbul Nightclub Attack Has Confessed, Say Turkish Officials.
GO Istanbul Governor Vasip Sahin told reporters Tuesday morning that the suspect in the attack on the city’s Reina nightclub has confessed.
GO See George H.W. Bush’s Apology To Donald Trump For Missing The Inauguration.
GO Former President George H. W. Bush wanted to be clear that there was no ill will keeping him from attending Donald Trump’s inauguration on Friday.
GO Sotheby’s Contends Painting That Sold For $842,500 Is A Fake.
GO Sotheby’s says a 16th century Italian painting sold by the auction house for $842, 500 in 2012 is actually a modern fake, according to a complaint filed in U. S. District Court in New York on Tuesday.
GO Songs We Love: The Spirit Of The Beehive, ’Ricky (Caught Me Tryin’)’.
GO The Spirit Of The Beehive’s new song, ”Ricky (Caught Me Tryin’),” opens abruptly, with a seasick melody that tipsily sways up and down in   motions and forms a hook as dissonant as it is catchy.
GO As Trump Takes Office, He Still Faces Questions About Conflicts Of Interest.
GO   Donald Trump takes office on Friday having largely failed to address concerns about the many conflicts of interest posed by his business interests.
GO Campaign Trail Trump On Display As He Goes To CIA On First Day As President.
GO On his first full day in the White House, President Trump went to the CIA presumably to try and offer an olive branch to members of the intelligence community he often maligned over their conclusions that Russia had conspired to influence the U. S. elections.
GO Trump Aide Says He Won’t Release Tax Returns, Claiming Most People Don’t Care.
GO A top aide to President Donald Trump says he won’t release his tax returns, insisting that voters aren’t concerned about the issue.
GO How To Get Dads To A Parenting Class? Ask Them To Read To Their Kid.
GO Even though studies show kids whose fathers take an active part in their lives are less disruptive and better adjusted socially, most programs that aim to up parenting skills are geared towards mothers.
GO Farm Of The Future: What Grows In Las Vegas Stays In Las Vegas.
GO Every day, Border Grill restaurant at Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas uses a case of tomatillos and at least a case of cilantro.
GO Meet The Republican Governors Who Don’t Want To Repeal All Of Obamacare.
GO As congressional Republicans begin work on repealing the Affordable Care Act, many of the nation’s governors want to make sure that their state budgets don’t take a hit during the dismantling process.
GO John Kerry: There Is Nothing ’Normal’ or ’American’ About Trump’s Presidency - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday during a commencement speech at Harvard’s John F. Kennedy School of Government, former Secretary of State John Kerry criticized the presidency of the Donald Trump as “not normal” several times, and added, “In the end, there is nothing American about it either.
GO Boston Globe: Attacks on Betsy DeVos Reveal ’How Ideological’ the Campus Rape Debate Has Become - Breitbart.
GO An editorial from The Boston Globe argues that the intense reaction to Betsy DeVos, Donald Trump’s nominee for the Secretary of Education, reveals “how ideological and unmoored” the debate on campus rape culture has become.
GO Report: Secret Service Opens Investigation into Kathy Griffin ’Beheading’ Photo.
GO Kathy Griffin’s photograph depicting her holding up a fake, bloodied decapitated head meant to resemble President Donald Trump is now the subject of a United States Secret Service investigation, according to a report.
GO California DOJ Working on 60 Pages of ’Assault Weapon’ Regulatory Changes Behind Closed Doors.
GO California’s Department of Justice (DOJ) is working on 60 pages of regulatory changes for “assault weapons” and “high capacity” magazines behind closed doors.
GO Report: Obama Sought NSA Intel on ’Thousands of Americans’, Including Trump Campaign During 2016 Election - Breitbart.
GO The Obama Administration sought unredacted intel on thousands of Americans during the 2016 election, including those in President Trump’s campaign and transition team, according to a new report.
GO NYT Columnist Solicits IRS Employees to Commit Felony by Leaking Trump’s Taxes.
GO A New York Times columnist is soliciting IRS employees to commit a felony by leaking President Donald Trump’s tax returns to the paper.
GO Steve Bannon: ‘I Could Care Less’ About Repairing Relationship with ‘Opposition Party’ Media.
GO White House chief strategist Steve Bannon said he “could care less” about repairing a relationship with the mainstream media, which he continues to characterize as the Trump administration’s “opposition party.
GO Photographer Behind Kathy Griffin Shoot Previously Depicted Decapitated Trump.
GO Missing from much of the news media coverage of comedian Kathy Griffin’s shock   photoshoot is that the same photographer behind the image was previously accused of depicting the decapitation of Donald Trump.
GO Tim Kaine Accuses Donald Trump of Holocaust Denial - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) who was Hillary Clinton’s running mate in the 2016 presidential election, told NBC News’ Meet the Press on Sunday morning that President Donald Trump was guilty of Holocaust denial.
GO Rowan University Guidebook Claims Meritocracy Is a Microaggression - Breitbart.
GO Rowan University has published a guide for their professors instructing them how to “call out” supposed microaggressions in the classroom, with ideas such as meritocracy and wanting to be inclusive highlighted as especially negative.
GO Active Tuberculosis Confirmed at Middle School in Texas - Breitbart.
GO An active case of tuberculosis (TB) has been confirmed at a public middle school in San Antonio, Texas.
GO NBA’s Chris Bosh Sued by Porn Company After Renting Player’s Mansion for Film Shoot.
GO An adult film company is suing the Miami Heat’s Chris Bosh after having rented the player’s mansion, and claiming to find mold and unsafe conditions that they say led to sickness among the crew, reports say.
GO Abbas: We May Rescind Recognition of Israel If Trump Moves US Embassy to Jerusalem - Breitbart.
GO (AFP) Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said in an interview with French newspaper Le Figaro published on Saturday that should Donald Trump move the US Embassy to Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, the Palestinian will no longer recognize the State of Israel.
GO Nancy Pelosi: Obamacare Was ‘Bipartisan’ Legislation - Breitbart.
GO House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) now says the process of passing Obamacare in 2010 was “bipartisan,” and that only “tweaks” were made to the healthcare law using the reconciliation budgetary process.
GO Eichenwald: We’re in a ’New World’ Where President Can Violate Constitution Without Pushback from Own Party - Breitbart.
GO During Saturday’s “AM Joy” on MSNBC, Newsweek Senior Writer Kurt Eichenwald said, “we’ve gone to a new world” where the president can violate the Constitution, in this case, the Emoluments Clause, and his own party refuses to do anything about it.
GO Lindsey Graham: ’I Don’t Know What America First Means’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” while discussing President Donald Trump’s inaugural address calling for his policy to be informed by putting “America first,” Sen. Lindsey Graham, ( ) said, “I don’t know what America first means.
GO Six-Time Deportee Arrested for Drunk Driving.
GO An illegal immigrant recently arrested for drunk driving is facing deportation for the seventh time.
GO May 2017 Shatters Background Check Records Set Under Obama - Breitbart.
GO May 2017 shattered the gun purchase background check records set under Barack Obama during May 2015 and 2016.
GO Breitbart News Daily: Who Ordered the Unmasking? - Breitbart.
GO On the Wednesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart London    Raheem Kassam will continue our discussion of the latest bombshell revelations in the Obama surveillance scandal involving Obama national security adviser Susan Rice request for the “unmasking” 0f people involved in the Trump transition.
GO Eli Lake: Susan Rice Requested Unmasking of People Connected to Trump Transition.
GO Susan Rice, who was former President Barack Obama’s national security adviser, did not respond to a report from Bloomberg columnist Eli Lake that on multiple occasions, she made requests to unmask United States citizens connected to President Donald Trump’s transition team.
GO Trump Escalates War on Media, Will Not Attend White House Correspondents Dinner - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump has further escalated his war on the mainstream media, as he announced on Saturday that he will not be attending the White House Correspondents’ dinner.
GO Populist Leaders Praise Trump’s Refugee Ban as Model for Europe.
GO While Europe’s socialist leaders predictably denounced President Trump’s recent temporary ban on new refugees from a list of countries, rising populist leaders praised him as a model for what Europe should be doing.
GO New Poll: Tie in Georgia’s Sixth Congressional District Special Election Despite $23 Million Raised by Democrat.
GO A new poll charting the battle to replace Rep. Tom Price in Georgia’s Sixth Congressional District special election that will be held on June 20 shows the race between Jon Ossoff, the Democrat, and Karen Handel, the Republican, is tied.
GO Azealia Banks Posts Rihanna’s Phone Number in Feud Over Trump Executive Order.
GO An online feud between pop stars Rihanna and Azealia Banks over President Donald Trump’s executive order on refugees ended with Banks posting Rihanna’s phone number on the internet.
GO Leading Muslim Group Calls for Ramadan ’Jihad’ Alongside Trump, Farage, May Headshots.
GO A   “leading” Muslim group is fundraising on the back of “jihad” in the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, using pictures of President Donald Trump, Brexit leader Nigel Farage, UK Prime Minister Theresa May, and UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson on its material.
GO Matthews: GOP WH Ceremony Was Like North Korea, Where You Need the Right Facial Expression or You Get Executed - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball,” host Chris Matthews stated that the Republicans’ White House ceremony after the passage of the AHCA was like North Korea “where you have to have the same expression for Kim   or else you get executed.
GO Rep. Steve King: Conservatives Should Be ’Excited’ about Gorsuch.
GO Rep. Steve King ( ) joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday to discuss Trump’s SCOTUS nominee, Neil Gorsuch, as well as the president’s recent executive orders.
GO Google, Facebook, Twitter Promise to Crack Down on Terrorist Content Online - Breitbart.
GO In a meeting with Amber Rudd, the British Home Secretary, tech companies including Google, Facebook, Twitter, and Microsoft promised to crack down on terrorist content being accessible on the internet after the Westminster attacker, Khalid Massood, reportedly found tips as to how to orchestrate such an attack online.
GO Georgia Man Shoots Another 8 Times over Hot Pocket, ’I Just Snapped’.
GO A Georgia man was sentenced to life in prison for shooting and killing his sister’s boyfriend after a dispute over a Hot Pocket snack, prosecutors said.
GO Van Jones: Trump ’Opened the Door’ for Disrespect of the President With Birtherism - Breitbart.
GO Monday on CNN’s “Wolf,” addressing several Democrats calling into question   Donald Trump’s legitimacy, former Obama administration green jobs czar and network contributor Van Jones said Donald Trump “seemed to have opened the door for this kind of disrespect” by questioning Obama’s birthplace.
GO ‘Anti-Racism’ Preschool to Open in Seattle.
GO Two teachers are planning to open a preschool in Columbia City in Seattle, Washington, that will have a curriculum focused on the stories of people of color.
GO Delingpole: Here is Proof That President Trump Cannot Trust Gary ’Wormtongue’ Cohn on Paris Agreement.
GO “If he were standing here, he would tell you that he feels much more knowledgable on the topic today,” said Trump’s economic advisor Gary Cohn, referring to the president’s position on climate change and the Paris agreement.
GO NBC’s Chuck Todd to John Kelly: Is Deporting Illegals the Best Use of Money? - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” host Chuck Todd asked Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly if deporting people who are in the United States illegally was “the best use of money.
GO McCain: ’I Do Not Know’ If I Have Confidence In Trump - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Sen. John McCain ( ) said he did not know when asked if he has “confidence” in President Donald Trump.
GO Chuck Todd: Media ‘Underplayed’ How ‘Hated’ Hillary Was in Heartland - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on the “1947″ Meet the Press podcast during his discussion with former Bush White House press secretary Ari Fleischer, host Chuck Todd blamed “political correctness” interfered with the media reporting on how “hated” the Clintons were in the Heartland.
GO Breitbart’s Bracket Predicted Gonzaga-UNC Final in 99th Percentile - Breitbart.
GO Gonzaga and UNC won Final Four games Saturday to set up the championship game predicted by Breitbart Sports on March 14, meaning if you simply filled out all 62 lines as instructed in that post you find yourself in the 99th percentile of the 18 million brackets submitted to ESPN and very likely in first place in your office pool.
GO Police: Man Who Resembles ’Joker’ from Batman Arrested for Allegedly Pointing Loaded Gun at Miami Drivers.
GO A man with green hair and a tattooed face resembling Batman villain “the Joker” was arrested for aiming a loaded gun at Miami drivers, police said.
GO Tillerson at UN: United States Cannot ’Idly Stand By’ Before North Korea Provocations.
GO Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke on Friday at the United Nations Security Council in New York City, saying the United States cannot “idly stand by” as North Korea continues to threaten it and its allies with the nuclear weapons stockpile it possesses.
GO Maher: I Don’t See a Lot of Dems ’Who Have Learned the Lesson’ of 2016 - Breitbart.
GO During ATTN: and HBO’s “The State of the Union Interview” released on Wednesday, “Real Time” host Bill Maher stated that he doesn’t see a lot of Democrats “who have learned the lesson” from 2016.
GO Watch: Rapper Knocked Out On Stage Sparks Concert Brawl.
GO A massive brawl broke out at a San Diego, California concert early Thursday morning after rapper XXXTentacion was punched and knocked unconscious by an audience member who rushed the stage.
GO Katy Perry on Manchester Bombing: ’No Barriers, No Borders, We All Just Need to Co-Exist’.
GO Pop megastar Katy Perry made an impassioned plea for people to “ ” and said that “barriers” or “borders” could detract from that goal in an interview following the terrorist bombing at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, U. K. on Monday night that claimed the lives of at least 22 people and injured dozens of others.
GO Le Pen Cheered and Macron Jeered By Workers At Whirlpool Factory Facing Closure.
GO Globalist French President candidate Emmanuel Macron faced animosity from workers at a Whirlpool plant facing closure during a campaign visit after   migration candidate Marine Le Pen made a surprise visit hours earlier.
GO Polish PM on Manchester Attack: ‘Europe, Rise from Your Knees or You’ll Be Crying over Your Children Every Day’.
GO The prime minister of Poland has launched a blistering attack on the “political elites” of Europe in the wake of the Manchester terror attack, warning the continent must put in place “strong politicians” willing to tackle the threat or risk “crying over your children”.
GO College Republicans, YAF Demand Ann Coulter Berkeley Event Follow Original Schedule - Breitbart.
GO The UC Berkeley College Republicans and Young America’s Foundation have demanded in a legal letter to college administrators that Ann Coulter’s upcoming event follows its original schedule.
GO Professors and Students Plan Trips to Attend Anti-Trump Women’s March on Washington - Breitbart.
GO Progressive students and their professors from universities around the country are planning trips to the Women’s March on Washington, a   protest planned for inauguration weekend.
GO Bernie Sanders Says ’Entire World is Watching’ Trump and Bannon Response to Anti-Semitism - Breitbart.
GO Former presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) says the “entire world is watching” the response of President Donald Trump and his chief strategist Steve Bannon to the recent wave of   attacks across America.
GO Texas Woman Accused of Shooting, Slitting Vet Boyfriend’s Throat for Being a ‘Jerk’.
GO A Texas woman is accused of shooting her U. S. military veteran boyfriend and then slitting his throat to confirm he was dead after allegedly making her leave a bar.
GO Report: Trump Administration Freezes EPA Grant Programs - Breitbart.
GO The Trump administration has frozen the Environmental Protection Agency’s grants and contracts, according to multiple reports.
GO Reince Priebus: Media Obsessed With Trying to ’Delegitimize’ President Trump - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” while discussing the controversy over the inaugural crowd size, Trump administration chief of staff Reince Priebus said the press is trying to “delegitimize” President Donald Trump.
GO He Won’t be Back: Schwarzenegger Terminates Senate Rumors.
GO Former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger told supporters on Sunday via social media that he “won’t be back,” quelling rumors about a possible U. S. Senate run in 2018.
GO President Donald Trump to Attend First NATO Summit.
GO The White House announced Tuesday that President Donald Trump would personally attend a NATO summit in April.
GO Dem Rep Cohen: Trump Has Similar ’Personality Traits’ To Fidel Castro - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of “CNN Newsroom,” Representative Steve Cohen ( ) stated that   Donald Trump and Fidel Castro have similar “personality traits,” and Trump doesn’t understand “the tripartite system of government we have, in a Congress under Article I as an independent branch of government.
GO McCain: Obama Knew Foreign Hacking Was Going on a Long Time and Didn’t Do Anything About It - Breitbart.
GO Monday on MSNBC’s “For The Record with Greta,” while discussing Russia hacking, Sen. John McCain ( ) said his “complaint” President Barack Obama’s handling of the Russian hacking and other nations’ efforts to hack into the U. S. institutions was that he knew it was going on a long time and didn’t act on it.
GO Illegal Immigrant Accused of Repeatedly Raping, Kidnapping Autistic Woman.
GO An illegal immigrant, along with another man, is accused of kidnapping and repeatedly raping a woman with autism while holding her against her will.
GO Reince Priebus Defends Paul Ryan Amid Failure - Breitbart.
GO White House chief of staff Reince Priebus has publicly defended his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan amid Ryan’s failure on healthcare.
GO Huffington Post Contributor: Hillary Clinton’s Failure to Win Even 20 States Means She Is ‘Legitimate President-Elect’ - Breitbart.
GO Failed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton’s inability to win even 20 of America’s 50 states means she is the “legitimate ” a contributor to the    progressive blog Huffington Post wrote.
GO Media’s Bannon Obsession Gets Creepy: Daily Beast Photoshops Bannon Face on Grateful Dead - Breitbart.
GO The media’s obsession with White House chief strategist Steve Bannon has reached peak creepiness in a Daily Beast article that includes a photoshop of Bannon’s face onto the image of Grateful Dead guitarist Bob Weir.
GO DNC’s Perez at NJ Rally: ‘Donald Trump You Didn’t Win This Election’ - Breitbart.
GO Former Secretary of Labor under Barack Obama and newly elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee Tom Perez told people at a rally in New Jersey on Friday that Donald Trump didn’t win the 2016 presidential election.
GO Andrea Mitchell: Sean Spicer First Press Briefing Was ‘Substantive’ and ‘Responsive’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday on MSNBC commenting on the first official White House press briefing by press secretary Sean Spicer, Andrea Mitchell said it was both “substantive” and “responsive.
GO Marc Andreessen: If You Wanted the Truth During the 2016 Election ’You Read Breitbart’ - Breitbart.
GO Billionaire tech entrepreneur and investor Marc Andreessen explained the downfall of the mainstream media during an interview at Recode this week, claiming “If you actually wanted to, last year in 2016, read the story of the election and get the truth, you read Breitbart.
GO Rand: Congress ’Should Think About’ Whether It Should Send Money to Universities ’That Only Have One Set of Speech’ - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s broadcast of “The Laura Ingraham Show,” Senator Rand Paul ( ) said, “I think that Congress, and the people who appropriate the money, we should think about whether or not we should be sending money to universities that only have one set of speech.
GO Krauthammer: ’Highly Implausible’ To Claim Comey Was Fired for How He Handled Clinton Investigation - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” columnist Charles Krauthammer argued that Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein’s claim that FBI Director James Comey should be fired due to his mishandling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails is “highly implausible.
GO Michelle Bernard on Trump Presidency: ’You Can’t Help But Think’ Slavery Is Coming Back - Breitbart.
GO During a Saturday discussion on MSNBC about President Donald Trump’s presidency, Michelle Bernard, the president and CEO of the Bernard Center for Women, said she “can’t help but think” slavery is on its way back.
GO Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz to Step Down in April - Breitbart.
GO Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz will step down from his position at the company within the next month.
GO Clinton Volunteer Fired for Calling Navy SEAL Widow an ’Idiot’ - Breitbart.
GO A Hillary Clinton campaign volunteer who called Navy SEAL widow Carryn Owens an “idiot” on Twitter has been fired for his inappropriate tweet, according to his employer.
GO Dem Sen Whitehouse: We Had ’The Equivalent of an Election Robbery’ In 2016 - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” Senator Sheldon Whitehouse ( ) reacted to the FBI announcing it is investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia by saying, “you have the equivalent of an election robbery, and it would be easy for them to say, ‘Hey, we’re on the case.’ Finally, he did so, which I think is the right thing to do.
GO Liberal journalists get nasty, make jokes after Roger Ailes’ death.
GO Liberal journalists reacted with nastiness and glee Thursday to news of the death of former Fox News Chairman and CEO Roger Ailes, using his death to make cheap jokes and hot takes to pick up likes and retweets from their   colleagues and followers.
GO Vice President Pence Took Two Wounded Veterans to the Super Bowl - Breitbart.
GO As the nation geared up to watch the New England Patriots’ amazing    Super Bowl win, Vice President Mike Pence used his position to celebrate our veterans by hosting two wounded warriors at super Bowl LI.
GO Report: Sen. Elizabeth Warren’s Female Staffers Made $20,000 Less than Male Staffers - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Elizabeth Warren’s ( ) female staffers made more than $20, 000 less than their male counterparts last year, according to a new report.
GO Trump Touts Apprenticeship Initiative: ’There Is Dignity in Every Honest Job, And There Is Nobility in Every Honest Worker’ - Breitbart.
GO During Friday’s Weekly Address, President Trump touted the Apprenticeship Initiative executive order and said, “Today, this is the message I want every young American to hear: there is dignity in every honest job, and there is nobility in every honest worker.
GO Watch: BBC Interview Interrupted by Guest’s Children - Breitbart.
GO In a BBC interview about South Korea, guest Robert Kelly, professor of political science at Pusan National University, was interrupted when one of his children casually walked into the room and started dancing.
GO Former Jared Kushner Staff Plan to Create ’Breitbart of the Left’ - Breitbart.
GO Former employees of Donald Trump’s    Jared Kushner at the now ceased New York Observer are planning to create a “Breitbart of the left,” according to a report from BuzzFeed.
GO Trump order barring refugees, migrants from Muslim countries triggers chaos, outrage.
GO   President Trump’s executive order barring refugees and migrants from predominantly Muslim countries from entry into the United States rippled across the world on Saturday, causing widespread confusion, triggering outrage among immigrant advocates and leading to the detention at U. S. airports of people flying into the country.
GO Ernesto Zedillo: Mexico can thrive without Trump.
GO    Ernesto Zedillo, a professor in the field of international economics and politics at Yale University, was president of Mexico from 1994 to 2000.
GO Add glamour and warmth to your home with these metallic accents.
GO       Soft metallics such as gold, brass and copper add glamour and warmth to any room, says designer Dabito, who runs the studio Old Brand New.
GO Trump’s facile claim that his refugee policy is similar to Obama’s in 2011.
GO          “My policy is similar to what President Obama did in 2011 when he banned visas for refugees from Iraq for six months.
GO Acting Attorney General declares Justice Department won’t defend Trump’s immigration order.
GO          Acting Attorney General Sally Yates has ordered Justice Department lawyers not to defend challenges to President Trump’s immigration order temporarily banning entry into the United States for citizens of seven   countries and refugees from around the world, declaring in a memo Monday she is not convinced the order is lawful.
GO Spicer: Diplomats opposed to immigration ban should ‘either get with the program or they can go’.
GO           White House press secretary Sean Spicer had a stern message for State Department employees opposed to President Trump’s executive order banning immigration from seven   countries: “Either get with the program or they can go.
GO A fire destroyed this Texas mosque. Thousands have chipped in to help rebuild it..
GO      Hundreds of thousands of dollars have been raised online to help rebuild a mosque in Texas, which was destroyed in a weekend blaze.
GO Will some members of Trump’s Cabinet realize they’re being used?.
GO          The damage already wrought by President Trump’s temporary ban on refugees from seven   countries is plain for all to see.
GO U.S. and Mexico appear to take first steps toward renegotiating NAFTA, document suggests.
GO      The United States and Mexico appear to have taken the first steps toward renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement, according to a Mexican government document, walking down a path that would fulfill one of President Trump’s big campaign promises and potentially transform the hemisphere’s economy.
GO Trump rants about ‘fake news’ as he marks Black History Month.
GO          President Trump teed off on the media Wednesday during an event held to mark Black History Month, calling CNN “fake news” and once again decrying a false report that he had removed a bust of Martin Luther King Jr. from the Oval Office.
GO Trump’s vaccine views are at odds with those of most Americans, study says.
GO      The criticism of vaccines voiced by President Trump and some other public figures is at odds with the attitudes of most Americans, who overwhelmingly support requiring public school children to be vaccinated for measles, mumps and rubella, according to a Pew Research Center survey released Thursday.
GO Lockheed Martin, Pentagon announce F-35 contract deal that shaves $728 million in costs.
GO          The Pentagon and Lockheed Martin announced on Friday a contract deal for the next batch of 90   Joint Strike Fighter jets that shaves $728 million off the total cost of the program and brings the   cost of the stealth plane below $95 million for the first time.
GO Standing Rock Sioux want ‘no forcible removal’ of protesters from Dakota Access pipeline site.
GO      Standing Rock Sioux Tribe officials said this weekend that although they were working with federal authorities to stabilize the situation at the Dakota Access Pipeline protest site, they were not calling on law enforcement to forcibly remove activists there.
GO President Trump is now speculating that the media is covering up terrorist attacks.
GO Speaking to the U. S. Central Command on Monday, President Trump went off his prepared remarks to make a truly stunning claim: The media was intentionally covering up reports of terrorist attacks.
GO Trump administration to approve final permit for Dakota Access pipeline.
GO      The deputy secretary of the Army will grant the final permit needed for completion of the Dakota Access Pipeline, the Army declared in a court filing Tuesday, clearing the final bureaucratic hurdle standing in the way of the massive infrastructure project.
GO Trump’s Labor nominee tells us a lot about where Trump wants to take the country.
GO          The differences between former Labor Secretary Tom Perez and current Labor Secretary nominee Andrew Puzder vividly illustrate how the Democrats and the Republicans each view the economy, as well as the differences between where President Trump wants to take the country and where we were under President Barack Obama.
GO Does the White House stand by Michael Flynn? ‘That’s a question for the president’.
GO          President Trump’s national security adviser Michael Flynn faced strong criticism on Sunday for allegedly discussing U. S. sanctions against Russia with that country’s ambassador to the United States, with even a top White House official declining to say whether the president stands by the former general.
GO A United pilot ranted about Trump, Clinton and divorce. Her passengers fled..
GO          Dozens of passengers fled a plane and police removed their United Airlines pilot after she gave a long, bizarre speech before takeoff on Saturday.
GO Sean Spicer: President Trump ‘evaluating the situation’ of Flynn’s contacts with Russia.
GO      White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday would not confirm that President Trump has confidence in his national security adviser Michael Flynn, and said that the president is still “evaluating the situation.
GO At least four GOP senators are on the fence about Labor Dept. nominee Andrew Puzder.
GO          At least four Republican senators are still on the fence about whether to support Andrew Puzder, President Trump’s choice for labor secretary, putting more pressure on the restaurant executive and political novice to win over members of the president’s own party to win confirmation.
GO Gas or wood-burning? Your fireplace may reflect your view of living..
GO       Imagine the coziest spot to watch the Super Bowl: a cushy long sofa, a table full of snacks, a bar stocked with craft beers, a giant TV and a crackling fireplace with real wood burning, providing a woodsy scent and a warm glow.
GO Cosmic breakthrough: Physicists detect gravitational waves from violent black-hole merger.
GO        Scientists announced Thursday that they have succeeded in detecting gravitational waves from the violent merging of two black holes in deep space.
GO Two 15-year-old students killed in shooting at Phoenix area high school.
GO        Two    students died in a shooting at a high school in the Phoenix suburb of Glendale on Friday morning, authorities said.
GO ACT essay scores are inexplicably low, causing uproar among college-bound students.
GO      Many students are in an uproar over a change to the ACT that has yielded what they call inexplicably low scores on the essay section of the nation’s most widely used college admission test.
GO The stalemate over the Supreme Court could get even worse than you think.
GO      The Senate, in all its august wisdom, used to approach nominations to the Supreme Court with a simple standard: If the nominee was qualified and wasn’t a criminal or a drunk, he or she would probably get confirmed with the support of both the president’s party and the opposition.
GO Mount St. Mary’s alum: We need to stop our university from destroying itself.
GO        Mount St. Mary’s University in Maryland is in turmoil over its leadership, with a nearly unanimous vote by faculty calling on president Simon Newman to resign by Monday morning, and some of his supporters planned a rally Monday morning to counter that.
GO Pope Francis suggests contraception could be permissible in Zika fight.
GO      Pope Francis told reporters Thursday that using artificial contraception may be morally acceptable in fighting the Zika virus, but called abortion another situation entirely, akin to “what the Mafia does.
GO Endangered baby dolphin dies after swimmers pass it around for selfies.
GO      An endangered baby dolphin was killed on a beach in Argentina last week after the animal was plucked from the water and passed around by beachgoers for petting and photos.
GO The psychology behind why people believe conspiracy theories about Scalia’s death.
GO      Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died just days ago, but already conspiracy theories about his death abound.
GO Denny Hamlin edges Martin Truex Jr. in closest Daytona 500 finish.
GO      In the closest finish in Daytona 500 history, Denny Hamlin edged Martin Truex Jr. winning the race by mere inches at the finish line.
GO Republican governor of Nevada Brian Sandoval being considered for Supreme Court.
GO        The White House is considering picking the Republican governor from Nevada to fill the current vacancy on the Supreme Court, scrambling political calculations in what is expected to be a contentious confirmation battle in which Senate Republicans have pledged to play the role of roadblock.
GO Former Mexican president says he will not pay for Donald Trump’s ‘f—— wall’.
GO      Former Mexican president Vicente Fox is fiercely opposed to his country paying for the massive wall that Donald Trump wants to build on the border between their two countries, saying in an interview that Trump is ”a crazy guy” and ”a false prophet” who should not be elected president.
GO Hillary Clinton on ‘superpredator’ remarks: ‘I shouldn’t have used those words’.
GO          “Looking back, I shouldn’t have used those words, and I wouldn’t use them today,” Hillary Clinton told me in a statement when I asked her what she would have said to Ashley Williams, the activist who interrupted Clinton at a Charleston, S. C. fundraiser Wednesday night.
GO Donald Trump is remarkably dangerous to the Republican Party. Here’s why..
GO        As it’s become more and more clear that Donald Trump is the   favorite to be the Republican presidential nominee, there’s been considerable speculation about what he could mean for the broader GOP, particularly as the party tries to hold its Senate majority and consolidate its House margins in the 2016 election.
GO Former CIA director: Military may refuse to follow Trump’s orders if he becomes president.
GO      Former CIA director Michael Hayden believes there is a legitimate possibility that the U. S. military would refuse to follow orders given by Donald Trump if the Republican   becomes president and decides to make good on certain campaign pledges.
GO Despite harsh conditions, life continues inside the Central African Republic’s camp for the displaced.
GO      As you descend through a mysterious thick cloud of dust into Central African Republic’s capital Bangui’s M’Poko International Airport, displaced people living adjacent to the airport wave to arriving passengers.
GO NJ trader is the first to get prison time for ‘spoofing’.
GO A former New Jersey trader convicted of gaming the futures market was sentenced to three years behind bars on Wednesday, marking the first time a person is going to prison for “spoofing.
GO Ex-Redstone gal pal: Shari to blame for $150M ‘fleecing’ claims.
GO Sumner Redstone’s claims on Tuesday that he was fleeced out of $150 million by two   amounts to “fictional revisionist history,” one of the former gal pals claims.
GO State of emergency in Yemen’s capital as cholera kills 115 people.
GO Cholera has killed at least 115 people in the Yemeni capital, Sana’a, the local Saba news agency said, after authorities on Sunday declared a state of emergency over the outbreak and called for international help to avert disaster.
GO Angry? Don’t let it get to you and you’ll make a bigger difference.
GO ‘If you’re not angry, you’re not paying attention,” goes an old slogan that made numerous appearances at recent protests against the presidency of the Bottomless Pit Of Need.
GO Indiana to pay out $100,000 to deal with requests for Mike Pence emails.
GO Indiana is paying a law firm $100, 000 to help deal with a backlog of public records requests, most of which seek access to emails from   Mike Pence’s tenure as governor, including correspondence routed through a private AOL.
GO Rex Tillerson says US will set up safe zones for refugees from Isis.
GO Rex Tillerson has said the United States would set up “interim zones of stability” to help refugees return home in the next phase of the fight against Islamic State and   in Syria and Iraq.
GO Iranian woman visiting family on tourist visa detained in Oregon jail.
GO Federal authorities have detained an Iranian woman in an Oregon jail even though she has a tourist visa to visit her family in the US, according to the American Civil Liberties Union.
GO Donald Trump still holds baseless belief that millions voted illegally.
GO Donald Trump still believes the false claim that millions of people voted illegally in last year’s presidential election, the White House confirmed on Tuesday.
GO Rex Tillerson skips launch of US state department’s human rights report.
GO The US state department released its annual report on human rights around the world on Friday, but the release was overshadowed by criticism that the secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, gave the report little of the traditional attention or fanfare.
GO New Lana Del Rey album will include Stevie Nicks collaboration.
GO Fleetwood Mac legend Stevie Nicks will appear on Lana Del Rey’s forthcoming fifth album, Lust for Life.
GO Trump’s deputy national security adviser gave him fake climate news.
GO As Politico reported, Trump’s deputy national security adviser, KT McFarland, gave him a fake 1970s Time magazine cover warning of a coming ice age.
GO Anne Frank’s diary isn’t pornographic – it just reveals an uncomfortable truth.
GO Gail Horalek, the mother of a   child in Michigan in the US, has made international headlines by complaining that the unabridged version of Anne Frank’s diary is pornographic and should not be taught at her daughter’s school.
GO Belgian police arrest man who tried to drive into crowd in Antwerp.
GO Belgian police have arrested a man after he tried to drive into a crowd at high speed in a shopping area of Antwerp, the city’s police chief said.
GO China landslide: more than 100 people feared dead in village disaster.
GO More than 100 people were feared dead after a landslide buried more than 100 villagers in   China’s Sichuan province.
GO Don’t Look Back in Anger becomes symbol of Manchester’s spirit.
GO The moment a crowd of Mancunians spontaneously broke into a rendition of the Oasis song Don’t Look Back in Anger has been shared around the world, cementing the song as a symbol of Manchester’s resilience in the face of tragedy.
GO Hot and steamy atmosphere detected on Earth-like planet.
GO Astronomers have found evidence for a hot and steamy atmosphere around an   planet that circles a red dwarf star in the southern sky.
GO Standing Rock protesters unfurl banner over field at Minneapolis NFL game.
GO In Minneapolis on Sunday protesters unfurled a banner protesting the Dakota Access oil pipeline, high above the field during an NFL game between the Minnesota Vikings and the Chicago Bears.
GO Mike Pence insists Trump campaign has not been in contact with Russia.
GO    Mike Pence denied on Sunday that Donald Trump’s presidential campaign had any contacts with Russia, insisting investigations into Russian hacking of political parties are “a distraction”.
GO An annotated guide to Donald Trump’s revised travel ban.
GO Donald Trump’s new executive order reinstating a ban on travel from certain   countries contains some substantial differences in wording from the old order.
GO Philippines attack: dozens feared dead after Manila gunman sets fire to resort.
GO Dozens of people are feared dead in a fire that started after a gunman burst into a Manila casino and set gaming tables alight.
GO Thai authorities appear to back down on threat to block Facebook.
GO Authorities in Thailand appear to have backed down on a threat to block access to Facebook after they said the social media company had agreed to remove “illegal” content, including posts critical of the monarchy.
GO Venus Williams sued over fatal car crash but star will play at Wimbledon.
GO Venus Williams is being sued by the estate of a Florida man who died after a car crash police say she caused.
GO African leaders plan mass withdrawal from international criminal court.
GO African leaders have adopted a strategy calling for a collective withdrawal from the international criminal court.
GO US officials scramble to limit Donald Trump’s diplomatic damage over Qatar tweets.
GO The US state and defence departments have scrambled to limit the diplomatic damage done by Donald Trump’s morning tweets lambasting Qatar, which is the hub for US military air operations across the Middle East.
GO Norway first to start switching off FM radio.
GO Norway will next week become the first nation to start switching off its FM radio network, in a risky and unpopular leap to digital technology that will be closely watched by other countries considering whether to follow suit.
GO Westminster attacker Khalid Masood had interest in jihad, say police.
GO Khalid Masood, the Westminster attacker, had a clear interest in jihad and his methods echoed the rhetoric of Islamic State leaders, Scotland Yard has said.
GO Rare spate of bear attacks leaves two dead in Alaska.
GO Alaska is experiencing a spate of bear attacks, with four people attacked in less than a week, resulting in two fatalities.
GO Trump travel ban could prevent United States hosting World Cup.
GO Donald Trump’s travel ban could prevent the US from hosting the World Cup in 2026, Fifa has warned.
GO BBC presenter slapped by woman after appearing to touch her breast.
GO BBC presenter Ben Brown was slapped after appearing to touch a woman’s breast as he pushed her away when she interrupted an interview live on air.
GO Loretta Lynn hospitalised after stroke.
GO The country music legend Loretta Lynn has been taken to hospital after a stroke.
GO North Korea warns Australia of possible nuclear strike if it ’blindly toes US line’.
GO North Korea has bluntly warned Australia of a possible nuclear strike if Canberra persists in “blindly and zealously toeing the US line”.
GO Robin Hood’s Sherwood Forest faces fracking threat.
GO The latest battleground for the future of fracking in Britain looks set to be Sherwood Forest, the legendary home of folk hero Robin Hood and now the target of a seismic survey by Ineos.
GO Mark Zuckerberg ’reconsiders’ forcing Hawaiians to sell him their land.
GO Mark Zuckerberg has said he is reconsidering whether to seek the forced sale of tracts of land belonging to native Hawaiians in a large estate he bought on the island of Kauai, after facing a wave of criticism.
GO Floyd Mayweather can cash in on mismatch with Conor McGregor.
GO For all the talk that has built up around the putative showdown between Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor being about the best pound‑for‑pound boxer of the past quarter of a century taking on the brightest star in the history of mixed martial arts, it is not.
GO Wall Street stocks rise after Trump’s corporate tax cut promises.
GO President Donald Trump has helped drive up stock markets on Wall Street and in London to new highs, after he promised corporate tax cuts and a spending splurge on infrastructure projects to boost the economy.
GO Anti-protest bills would ’attack right to speak out’ under Donald Trump.
GO More than 20 states have proposed bills that would crack down on protests and demonstrations since Donald Trump was elected, in a moved that UN experts have branded “incompatible with US obligations under international human rights law”.
GO US economy adds 227,000 jobs in January – the best figures since September.
GO The US added 227, 000 new jobs in January, the last month of the Obama presidency and the first of Donald Trump’s, the Department of Labor announced on Friday.
GO Johanna Konta beats Venus Williams and faces Wozniacki in Miami Open final.
GO Johanna Konta’s stranglehold over Venus Williams continues as she became the first British woman to reach the Miami Open final.
GO Facebook under pressure after man livestreams killing of his daughter.
GO Facebook is coming under fresh pressure over its Facebook Live service after a Thai man broadcast a video of himself killing his    daughter.
GO Tests on 600 tower blocks find seven with Grenfell Tower-style cladding.
GO Tests being carried out on   council buildings in England have so far uncovered seven blocks of flats fitted with combustible cladding similar to that used on Grenfell Tower in west London.
GO Former Greek PM Lucas Papademos wounded in letter bomb blast.
GO Greek security officials are scrutinising courier and postal services after a letter bomb attack on Thursday that left former prime minister Lucas Papademos in hospital.
GO Ann Dowd on The Handmaid’s Tale: it’s a form of activism.
GO As Aunt Lydia in The Handmaid’s Tale, the Hulu adaptation of Margaret Atwood’s 1985 dystopian novel, Ann Dowd is both terrifying and tender, a disciplinarian tasked with policing the fertile “handmaids” who bear children for the oppressive theocrats of Gilead.
GO Jane Fonda: I have been raped and was sexually abused as a child.
GO Jane Fonda has revealed that she has been the victim of a history of sexual abuse, beginning when she was a child.
GO Pulisic scores as United States draw 1-1 with Venezuela in friendly.
GO Christian Pulisic scored early in the second half, defender John Brooks limped off with a leg injury and the United States struggled at the start of a   exhibition tie against Venezuela on Saturday night, a warmup for a pair of World Cup qualifiers next week.
GO Bright Lights: trailer for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher documentary released.
GO The first trailer for Bright Lights: Starring Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher provides an insight into the relationship between the two late stars.
GO ’I could have died’: how Erdoğan’s bodyguards turned protest into brawl.
GO The first sign things could turn violent outside the Turkish ambassador’s residence in Washington came when a group of men in trim suits and slick ties approached the small group of demonstrators who had gathered nearby to protest the visit by president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
GO Fillon to discipline party workers over antisemitic caricature of Macron.
GO François Fillon, the rightwing French presidential candidate, has promised to discipline party workers who published a caricature of his centrist opponent, Emmanuel Macron, that was likened to 1930s antisemitic propaganda.
GO Québec City mosque attack: man charged with six counts of murder.
GO A    university student has been charged with six counts of   murder over a shooting at a Québec City mosque during evening prayers, in what the Canadian prime minister described as an act of terror.
GO Ann Coulter cancels speech (again) – but battle for Berkeley’s political soul rages on.
GO Ann Coulter has canceled a speech that had been planned for Thursday on the University of California’s Berkeley campus after initially claiming she would defy the administration’s request that she hold her event a week later at a secure venue.
GO Bernie Sanders: Trump was right, Australian healthcare is better.
GO Bernie Sanders has declared President Donald Trump was right to say Australia has better healthcare than the US.
GO British parliament’s intelligence watchdog to scrutinise Trump dossier.
GO Parliament’s intelligence and security watchdog is expected to carry out “inquiries and discussions” relating to the Trump dossier prepared by a former MI6 agent as part of its work in scrutinising the British intelligence agencies.
GO Homeland security misreported number of electronics searches, officials say.
GO The US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) says it misreported its internal count of travelers’ electronic devices searched at the border, meaning the surge in the number of recorded searches was not as dramatic as it initially reported.
GO ’Staggering’ loss of civilian life from US-led airstrikes in Raqqa, says UN.
GO UN war crimes investigators have denounced a “staggering loss of civilian life” caused by the   campaign to reclaim Raqqa, the de facto capital of Islamic State.
GO Benjamin Netanyahu to press Theresa May for tougher line on Iran.
GO The Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, will push his UK counterpart, Theresa May, to back his call for a tougher international stance on Iran when the pair meet in Downing Street.
GO Escape from New York: protesters are scarce at Trump’s Jersey retreat.
GO The protesters who greeted Donald Trump in Manhattan on Thursday were nowhere to be found 40 miles west in Bedminster, New Jersey on Friday.
GO Chris Cornell was not himself the night he died, widow says.
GO Chris Cornell’s widow has paid tribute to the Audioslave and Soundgarden singer, saying she knows he was not himself the night he died.
GO John McCain passes dossier alleging secret Trump-Russia contacts to FBI.
GO Senator John McCain passed documents to the FBI director, James Comey, last month alleging secret contacts between the Trump campaign and Moscow and that Russian intelligence had personally compromising material on the   himself.
GO Donald Trump to visit Paris for Bastille Day ceremonies.
GO Donald Trump will attend France’s Bastille Day celebrations in Paris on 14 July, after accepting an invitation from the French president, Emmanuel Macron.
GO Criminal gang arrested for selling Apple users’ private data in China.
GO A massive underground criminal operation run by employees of an Apple “domestic direct sales company and outsourcing company” to steal and sell the private data of Apple users has been uncovered in China, according to authorities.
GO Sea lion grabs girl from dock and pulls her underwater.
GO A young girl and her family were left shaken after a large sea lion grabbed her and pulled her underwater near Vancouver.
GO Sicilian bishop bans mafia godfathers from baptisms.
GO A bishop in Sicily has banned known mafia criminals from acting as godfathers at baptisms in churches in his diocese.
GO Father of Navy Seal killed in Yemen calls for investigation into ’stupid mission’.
GO The father of a Navy Seal killed in a raid in Yemen last month has demanded an investigation into the planning and timing of what he called a “stupid mission”.
GO Bill Cosby trial: deadlocked jury told to continue deliberations.
GO The jurors in Bill Cosby’s sexual assault trial said on Thursday they were deadlocked after more than 30 hours of deliberations, but the trial judge ordered them to resume their discussions.
GO Cara Delevingne Rimmel mascara ad banned for airbrushing.
GO Rimmel has been forced to pull a TV ad campaign featuring model and actor Cara Delevingne after the advertising watchdog ruled that it had been manipulated too much with   techniques including airbrushing.
GO Trump’s state visit to Britain put on hold.
GO Donald Trump has told Theresa May in a phone call he does not want to go ahead with a state visit to Britain until the British public supports him coming.
GO UN ’utterly horrified’ by video appearing to show murder of two experts in Congo.
GO The United Nations has said it was horrified by a grisly video screened by the government of Democratic Republic of Congo that appeared to show the murder of two UN investigators.
GO Yoko Ono could get songwriting credit for Imagine – 46 years late.
GO Yoko Ono is being lined up for a songwriting credit on her husband John Lennon’s hit ballad Imagine, 46 years after it was written.
GO Michigan doctor and wife charged over alleged role in performing FGM on girls.
GO Federal authorities in Michigan have charged a   physician and his wife over alleged involvement in a criminal conspiracy that involved performing female genital mutilation (FGM) on young girls.
GO Three Oregon football players hospitalized after grueling workouts.
GO At least three University of Oregon football players were hospitalized after a series of grueling   workouts last week, the Oregonian reported.
GO Beyond Dallas, police come under fire in three states.
GO A man in Tennessee opened fire on a hotel and a highway, killing a woman, grazing a police officer with a bullet and wounding several others on Thursday because he may have been troubled by incidents involving black people and law enforcement, officials said.
GO Three major indexes end at records for first time since 1999.
GO It was the first time since Dec. 31, 1999 that the S&P 500, Dow Jones industrial average and Nasdaq had closed at record highs on the same day, according to Bespoke Investment Group.
GO Exclusive: ’I just want to go home’, says first Chibok schoolgirl rescued from Boko Haram.
GO ABUJA (Thomson Reuters Foundation)   The first of more than 200 abducted Chibok schoolgirls to be rescued from Boko Haram after two years in captivity in northeast Nigeria said on Tuesday in her first interview that she just wants to go home.
GO Viacom and controlling shareholder Sumner Redstone agree on settlement: sources.
GO    Viacom Inc ( ) and controlling shareholder Sumner Redstone have come to an agreement on terms of a settlement that would result in the departure of Chief Executive Philippe Dauman, two sources familiar with the situation told Reuters on Thursday.
GO SEC fines Wilbur Ross firm $2.3 million over fees.
GO The fine is the latest in a string of actions taken by the SEC against the private equity sector, as it seeks to improve transparency and crack down on undisclosed fee collection by some fund managers.
GO Vista Equity explores sale of software firm Aptean: sources.
GO A sale of Aptean would underscore the popularity of companies that help automate administrative operations for companies, just four years after Vista Equity acquired Aptean’s predecessor, CDC Software Inc, out of bankruptcy.
GO Jackie Hoffman keeps Joan Crawford in line on ‘Feud’.
GO Of all the   none marries desperation with exasperation quite like Jackie Hoffman’s Mamacita, Joan Crawford’s (Jessica Lange) stoic Teutonic housekeeper and babysitter.
GO Trump Concedes To Cruz In Iowa: I’m ’Honored’ To Finish Second (VIDEO).
GO In an uncharacteristically short speech in Iowa Monday night, Republican Donald Trump said he was “really honored” after his second place caucus finish to rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ).
GO New York Daily News Declares Trump ’Dead Clown Walking’ (PHOTO).
GO The New York Daily News declared Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump a ”dead clown walking” on Tuesday’s tabloid cover following his   finish in the Iowa caucus.
GO Trump: Cruz’s Rambling Iowa Victory Speech Is His ’Howard Dean Moment’.
GO Donald Trump predicted Tuesday on Twitter that Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) ”long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech” accepting his   finish in the Iowa caucuses would prove to be the freshman senator’s ”Howard Dean moment.” Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz’s far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
GO Sanders: Trump Would Blame Global Warming ’Hoax’ On Mexicans, Muslims.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) joked at a campaign rally Tuesday that he thought Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump would blame global warming on Mexicans or Muslims.
GO Santorum Officially Drops Out Of 2016 Race, Endorses Rubio.
GO Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum officially suspended his Republican presidential campaign on Wednesday and endorsed Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) for the presidency.
GO Sanders: I Want Trump To Win The GOP Nomination.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders said Wednesday during the CNN town hall in Hew Hampshire that he wants Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump to win the GOP nomination.
GO 5 Points On How Hillary Clinton Changed Her Whole Approach In Thursday’s Debate.
GO Going mano a mano against Bernie Sanders    and days after they essentially tied in Iowa    Hillary Clinton’s performance at Thursday’s MSNBC debate reflected someone who no longer thought her nomination was inevitable.
GO Oh Noes! How Could This Be.
GO Colin Powell and Condi Rice had classified info on their personal email accounts too.
GO Clinton On Powell, Rice Classified Emails: ‘It’s An Absurdity’.
GO After revelations Thursday that the State Department found former Secretaries of State Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice received classified material on their personal email accounts, Hillary Clinton said during the Democratic debate that she has “absolutely no concerns” about the news.
GO In Jailhouse Recording, Bundy Tells Oregon State Police, FBI To ’Go Home’.
GO In a jailhouse recording released by his lawyers Thursday, Ammon Bundy delivered a stern message to the authorities currently waiting out the occupation at a rural Oregon federal wildlife center: ”Go home Oregon State Police.
GO Trump: I Only Came In Second In Iowa Because Cruz Took Carson’s Votes.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump argued Sunday that he only lost the Iowa caucus because Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) took votes from retired neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson.
GO Clinton: Sanders Putting ’Artful Smear’ On My Wall Street Donations.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton argued in an interview aired Sunday that rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) was putting forth an ”artful smear” to spin the donations she has received from Wall Street.
GO ’SNL’ Imagines How Sanders Lost Iowa.
GO NBC comedy show ”Saturday Night Live” imagined how Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) lost the Iowa caucus.
GO Clinton: Sanders Doesn’t Really Have A Foreign Policy Network Advising Him.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton argued Sunday that rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) didn’t really have a network of advisers counseling him on foreign policy.
GO A Bit More Rubes-Gazing.
GO We’ve got a bit more polling data on what to expect in the results tomorrow night.
GO NYU Prof Alleges She And Her Students Were Racially Profiled At Rubio Rally.
GO A New York University journalism professor alleges she and two of her students were racially profiled by staffers for Sen. Marco Rubio ( )’s campaign at a Sunday rally in New Hampshire.
GO Clinton: I’m ‘Confident’ In My Staff, But Plan To ‘Take Stock’ Of Campaign.
GO Hillary Clinton on Monday said she planned to “take stock” of her campaign after the New Hampshire primary, but denied any major impending staffing changes after Politico reported on a possible shakeup.
GO Bernie Sanders Asked To Stop Using American Legion Emblem On Fliers.
GO The American Legion has asked the campaign of Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders to ”cease and desist” from using the organization’s emblem in campaign fliers.
GO "I Dropped the Ball".
GO Rubio sends supporters fundraising email, apologizing for ’dropping the ball’ promises ”that will never happen again.” Email after the jump .
GO Ohio Black Lives Matter Activist Kills Himself On Steps Of Statehouse.
GO An Ohio Black Lives Matter activist fatally shot himself Monday evening on the steps of the statehouse in Columbus, police said.
GO Jay Carney Says Obama Wants Clinton To Win The Democratic Nomination.
GO Former White House press secretary Jay Carney said Wednesday that President Barack Obama wants Hillary Clinton to be the Democratic presidential nominee.
GO Carly Fiorina Drops Out Of 2016 Race.
GO Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina dropped out of the 2016 race on Wednesday, according to a post on her Facebook account.
GO Federal Judge OKs Marriage Licenses Without Kim Davis’ Name On Them.
GO A federal judge on Tuesday ruled that Kentucky clerk Kim Davis followed orders to issue marriage licenses to   couples and that licenses altered to remove Davis’ name are likely valid.
GO Heidi Cruz: Ted Shows America ’The Face Of The God That We Serve’ (AUDIO).
GO Heidi Cruz said Wednesday that her husband, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) was showing America ”the face of the God that we serve” through his   Republican presidential campaign.
GO Ted Cruz’s Campaign Pulls Ad Featuring Softcore Porn Actress.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) presidential campaign has taken down a campaign ad that featured a porn star, BuzzFeed News reported Thursday.
GO Clinton Dings Sanders In Debate: ’I Am Not A Single-Issue Candidate’.
GO Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton closed Thursday night’s Democratic presidential debate with one last shot at Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) saying that while they have many similarities, she isn’t ”a   candidate.” Clinton highlighted her breadth of policy experience in her closing statement in the PBS NewsHour debate, casting Sanders as a   candidate.
GO Oregon Occupiers Reportedly Warn That They Left Behind Booby Traps At Refuge.
GO All of the occupiers have finally left the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, but they warned that they left behind some booby traps for authorities to dismantle, according to a Friday Reuters report.
GO Ex-NY Senate Candidate Arrested With Assault Rifle, Ski Mask In Niagara Falls.
GO A   candidate for the New York Senate was arrested Thursday night in Niagara Falls after police found an assault rifle, knife, and black ski mask in her car.
GO Police: Two 15-Year-Old Students Found Dead At Arizona High School.
GO UPDATE: Feb. 12, 2016, 12:51 PM ET, Police said two female students are dead and there are no suspects after responding Friday morning to reports of a shooting at Independence High School in Glendale, Arizona.
GO Debate Moderator Reacts To Sanders Talking Vietnam: ’Oh God’ (AUDIO).
GO Once Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) started talking about former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger’s policy in Vietnam during Thursday night’s Democratic presidential debate, a moderator could be heard sighing ”Oh God” into her microphone.
GO Harry Reid To Republicans: You Better Not Block Us From Replacing Scalia.
GO Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) released a statement Saturday night following the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia that contained a warning shot to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ): Don’t play politics with filling vacancies on the Supreme Court bench.
GO Trump Hits Cruz Over Religion: ’You Can’t Lie And Then Hold Up The Bible’.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump attacked rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) over his Christianity, saying that he couldn’t ”lie and then hold up the Bible.” Trump repeatedly called Cruz a liar at the Republican debate on Saturday, an attack he resurfaced in an interview with CBS’ ”Face the Nation” host John Dickerson.
GO Rubio Clarifies Whether He Thinks Bill Clinton Is Responsible For 9/11.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) (kind of) clarified whether he thought former President Bill Clinton was responsible for the terror attacks on Sept. 11.
GO Trump: It’s ’For Other People To Say’ If Iraq Was An Impeachable Offense.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Sunday that it was for other people to decide whether former President George W. Bush’s decision to go to Iraq was an impeachable offense.
GO Rubio: ’I Don’t Think It’s Wise’ For Obama To Nominate A New Justice.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said Sunday that he didn’t ”think it’s wise” for President Barack Obama to try and nominate a new Supreme Court justice.
GO ’SNL’ Pokes Fun At Clinton Trying To Win Over Voters (VIDEO).
GO ”Saturday Night Live” had some fun this weekend imagining how Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton would win back votes from rival Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ).
GO Report: Scalia’s Cause Of Death To Be Ruled A Heart Attack.
GO Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia’s cause of death will be ruled a heart attack, a Texas judge told local TV station WFAA on Sunday.
GO Kentucky Bill Would Require Wife’s Permission Before Man Can Get Viagra.
GO A Democratic state lawmaker in Kentucky last week introduced a bill that would require men to meet with their doctor twice and obtain permission from their wives before obtaining a prescription for a drug for erectile dysfunction.
GO John Oliver Returns With Real Talk On Voter ID Laws (VIDEO).
GO John Oliver’s show ”Last Week Tonight” returned Sunday to illustrate the hypocrisy in voter ID laws, which critics say disproportionately affect black and Latino voters.
GO Cruz: We Had ’Absolutely Nothing’ To Do With Gowdy’s Fake Endorsement Of Me.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) tweeted Tuesday that his campaign had ”absolutely nothing” to do with a fake Facebook page for Rep. Trey Gowdy ( ) that claimed he was endorsing Cruz over rival Sen. Marco Rubio ( ).
GO Paul Ryan: Congress Has ’Every Right’ To Not Confirm SCOTUS Nominee.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) said Tuesday afternoon that the Congress has ”every right” not to confirm a Supreme Court nominee put forth by President Barack Obama.
GO MSNBC’s Hayes: We Should Have Played Bill Clinton Remarks In Full.
GO MSNBC host Chris Hayes on Monday night acknowledged that his show had failed to play the full comments made by Bill Clinton about President Obama during his Friday night telecast, leaving out important context.
GO Poll: Voters Deeply Split Over Whether Scalia Should Be Replaced This Year.
GO A new Wall Street   poll reveals that in the wake of Antonin Scalia’s death voters are deeply at odds    mostly along party lines    over whether the Senate should confirm a new Supreme Court justice now or wait until the new president is sworn in next year.
GO White House: Obama To Pay Respects To Scalia Friday, Won’t Attend Funeral.
GO White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Wednesday that President Barack Obama doesn’t plan to attend the funeral for Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
GO Head Of Right-Wing Catholic Group Tries To Defend Both Pope And Trump.
GO The head of a   Catholic group tried to defend both Pope Francis and Donald Trump on Thursday, casting blame for the tiff on the media’s reporting of the incident.
GO This Should Go Well.
GO Please no one, no one, no one tell Donald Trump that the original Vatican City walls were built by Pope Leo IV after Muslim raiders sacked St. Peter’s Basilica in 846.
GO DeBerned in Vermont?.
GO I was in Vermont this weekend and busted my knee.
GO Paul Ryan Email Blast: We Have To ’Unite The Clans’ For ’Freeeeedooooom’.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan’s office put out a Friday email blast to ”unite the clans,” a reference to the Academy   film ”Braveheart.” The email calls attention to Ryan’s penchant for referencing the epic film about the Scottish battle for independence while pushing his plan to unite conservatives around a ”bold,   agenda.” The email also featured a gif of star Mel Gibson from that scene in the film.
GO Marijuana legalization is leading in every state where it’s on the ballot this November.
GO      Marijuana advocates are heading into the final weeks of the 2016 campaign with the wind at their backs as the latest polling shows legalization measures currently favored by voters in all five states where they’re on the ballot.
GO NTSB: Train in Hoboken crash was going double the speed limit.
GO      A commuter train that barreled into a Hoboken, N. J. rail terminal last month was going double the speed limit when it crashed, federal officials said Thursday.
GO Mylan to pay $465 million EpiPen settlement.
GO        Mylan reached a $465 million settlement with the Justice Department to ”resolve questions that have been raised” about whether the Medicaid program overpaid for the lifesaving allergy injection, the company said in a release Friday afternoon.
GO Melania Trump hopes voters will accept her husband’s apology for his ‘unacceptable and offensive’ comments about women.
GO      Donald Trump’s wife, Melania, issued a statement on Saturday condemning comments that her husband made about women in 2005 but said she hoped that voters would accept the apology he made overnight.
GO 5 things to know about presidential debate moderator Martha Raddatz.
GO      Martha Raddatz moderated the   debate four years ago, and this year she got the call to preside over Sunday’s presidential debate, along with Anderson Cooper.
GO Federal appeals court rules the structure of CFPB is unconstitutional.
GO      A federal appeals court dealt a blow to the government’s consumer watchdog Tuesday by ruling that the structure of the agency is unconstitutional.
GO Three women accuse Trump of forcibly groping, kissing them.
GO      This post has been updated Three women accused Donald Trump of groping or kissing them without their consent in news reports published Wednesday, just days after the Republican presidential nominee insisted in a debate that he had never engaged in such behavior.
GO Wells Fargo CEO steps down in wake of sham accounts scandal.
GO      Wells Fargo announced Wednesday that its longtime chief executive and chairman, John G. Stumpf, is stepping down, the latest turn for the embattled megabank after it admitted that thousands of   employees had set up sham accounts to meet sales quotas.
GO No three-star restaurants in Washington’s first Michelin guide. But these earned two..
GO          D. C. restaurants may be good enough to catch the eye of the Michelin Guide, but its inspectors didn’t find any quite good enough to merit its top rating of three stars.
GO ‘The Birth of a Nation’ set photographer shares scenes from the making of the movie.
GO      “It is easy to remember the exact place and date my journey turned toward becoming set photographer of “The Birth of a Nation.
GO Connecticut judge throws out Sandy Hook lawsuit against gun manufacturers.
GO      A Connecticut judge on Friday agreed to dismiss a lawsuit filed against gun manufacturers and sellers by relatives of people killed in the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre in 2012, saying that the suit was not allowed under a federal shield law.
GO Some consumers shy away from Wells Fargo in wake of scandal.
GO      Some consumers may be shying away from Wells Fargo after learning that employees used customers’ information to open sham accounts, according to new figures reported by the bank.
GO Youth pastor arrested at church after admitting he impregnated a 15-year-old, police say.
GO      A youth pastor at a rural Pennsylvania church has been fired and arrested on statutory sexual assault charges after police said he admitted to impregnating a    girl, according to the Associated Press.
GO Billy Bush is officially done at the ‘Today’ show after Donald Trump tape.
GO      About 10 days after NBC’s “Today”   Billy Bush was heard on a 2005 tape laughing and joking as Donald Trump made lewd comments about kissing and groping women, he is officially gone from the morning show.
GO Why the Knight Foundation president thinks we’re living through the biggest disruption since Gutenberg and the printing press.
GO      “We’re in a period analogous, truly analogous, to the time in Europe just after Gutenberg mechanized the Chinese invention of the printing press,” Alberto Ibargüen, president of the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, told me.
GO Number of police officers killed by suspects declined last year.
GO      The number of law enforcement officers killed by suspects declined last year, falling to the   number of such deaths during the Obama administration, according to FBI data released Tuesday.
GO Two Democratic operatives lose jobs after James O’Keefe sting.
GO          Scott Foval and Robert Creamer, two   but influential Democratic political operatives, have left their jobs after video investigations by James O’Keefe’s Project Veritas Action found Foval entertaining dark notions about how to win elections.
GO Finally, the world may protect one of the most pristine parts of the Southern Ocean.
GO      For years, world leaders have been arguing over the best way to protect the chilly Southern Ocean at the bottom of the world from threats like pollution and overfishing.
GO Fact-checking the third Clinton-Trump presidential debate.
GO          The final presidential debate once again demonstrated Donald Trump’s thin grasp of the facts and his willingness to make poorly sourced or inaccurate claims.
GO Why Twitter, Spotify and other major sites may be inaccessible.
GO          A key part of the Internet’s infrastructure was hit by a series of attacks Friday, causing major services such as Twitter, Spotify and PayPal to be inaccessible for many users around the world.
GO Why the rumored AT&T merger with Time Warner is such a huge deal.
GO      In what some analysts are calling an unprecedented “seismic shift” for the media and technology world, AT&T may soon buy the entertainment company Time Warner, a deal that could turn the legacy telecom carrier into a media titan the likes of which America has never seen.
GO How fascist is Donald Trump? There’s actually a formula for that..
GO      “Donald Trump is a fascist” sounds more like a campaign slogan than an analysis of his political program.
GO How to get that winter body in time for parka season.
GO      Once again, you successfully managed to obtain an acceptable summer body just in time for vacation season.
GO A semi-truck and a tour bus crashed near Palm Springs, killing at least 11.
GO          At least 11 people were killed when a tour bus and a   collided on the Interstate 10 near Palm Springs, Calif. early Sunday morning, the Desert Sun reported.
GO FBI Director Comey asked Justice officials to refute Trump’s unproven wiretapping claim.
GO          FBI Director James B. Comey asked the Justice Department this weekend to issue a statement refuting President Trump’s claim that President Barack Obama ordered a wiretap of Trump’s phones before the election, according to U. S. officials, but the department did not do so.
GO North Korea launches another missile, perhaps one that can reach U.S..
GO   TOKYO    North Korea may have fired an   ballistic missile capable of reaching the U. S. mainland Monday morning, South Korea’s military said after it spotted an unidentified projectile landing in the sea between Japan and the Korean peninsula.
GO Pro-Trump rally in Berkeley turns violent as protesters clash with the president’s supporters.
GO          Supporters of the president and   protesters clashed violently Saturday in Berkeley, Calif. on a day that numerous   rallies took place across the country.
GO Trump’s claim that ‘more than 300′ refugees are the subject of counterterrorism investigations.
GO      “The Attorney General has reported to me that more than 300 persons who entered the United States as refugees are currently the subjects of counterterrorism investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
GO Khizr Khan’s claim that the U.S. is restricting his travel may be unraveling.
GO      Khizr Khan, the Gold Star father whose impassioned speech at the Democratic National Convention in July called on Americans to reject a ban on Muslims entering the United States, claimed that his “travel privileges are being reviewed” by U. S. authorities, forcing him to cancel a scheduled speech in Toronto.
GO GOP health care plan: Influential hospitals, doctor groups come out against House proposal.
GO          A constellation of influential groups representing the nation’s hospitals and physicians came out Wednesday against a House Republican proposal to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, marking the latest round of setbacks to the controversial plan.
GO A Redskins-Scot McCloughan separation seems to be a question of when, not if.
GO        As Redskins General Manager Scot McCloughan’s absence from Redskins Park continued for another day Wednesday, it has become clear that his departure from the team is inevitable, according to multiple people with knowledge of the situation.
GO This desert in the Southwest is experiencing a wildflower ‘superbloom’.
GO      A wildflower superbloom is underway in the desert Southwest in March after seven inches of winter rain.
GO Mitch McConnell’s refreshingly honest answer about Mexico paying for the border wall.
GO          Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell was asked by Politico’s Jake Sherman and Anna Palmer on Thursday morning whether he believed that Mexico would, ultimately, foot the cost for the border wall President Trump wants built on our southern border.
GO First-year doctors will be allowed to work 24-hour shifts starting in July.
GO            doctors will be allowed to work   shifts in hospitals across the United States starting July 1, when a   cap that limits the physicians to 16 consecutive hours of patient care is lifted, the organization that oversees their training announced Friday.
GO Trump to select Scott Gottlieb, a physician with deep drug-industry ties, to run the FDA.
GO      President Trump is expected to pick Scott Gottlieb, a conservative physician and businessman with deep ties to the pharmaceutical industry, to be commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, a person familiar with the nomination said Friday.
GO The surprise picks that will make or break your bracket.
GO      The blank bracket represents 63 predictions waiting to be made, with upsets and surprises lurking throughout.
GO Could Southern Baptist Russell Moore lose his job? Churches threaten to pull funds after months of Trump controversy.
GO          Concern is mounting among evangelicals that Russell Moore, president of the Southern Baptist Convention’s policy arm, could lose his job following months of backlash over his critiques of President Trump and religious leaders who publicly supported the Republican candidate.
GO Meals on Wheels only isn’t “showing any results” if you ignore all these results.
GO          At a news conference Thursday, Mick Mulvaney, President Trump’s budget chief, defended proposed cuts to the Meals on Wheels program, which provides food aid to needy senior citizens, by saying the program is one of many that is “just not showing any results.
GO The 19 agencies that Trump’s budget would kill, explained.
GO      President Trump released his   budget on Thursday, and the funding cuts are being dissected left and right.
GO Trump’s budget makes perfect sense and will fix America, and I will tell you why.
GO          Some people are complaining that the budget proffered by the Trump administration, despite its wonderful   name, is too vague and makes all sorts of cuts to needed programs in favor of increasing military spending by leaps and bounds.
GO After Florida prosecutor says she won’t seek death penalty, governor reassigns case of slain police officer.
GO      Hours after a Florida prosecutor announced Thursday that she would not seek the death penalty in any cases, the state’s governor said he was removing her from the   prosecution of a man charged with killing an Orlando police officer.
GO Lockheed Martin says it’s ready to hand over laser weapon to Army for testing.
GO      Lockheed Martin said Thursday it has finished a   laser system for the U. S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command and is preparing to hand it over to the Army for further testing.
GO SNL to finish a record-shattering season by doing something it’s never done before.
GO      “Saturday Night Live” is enjoying its   season in two decades, and it’s going to finish it out by doing something the series has never done before: go live, coast to coast.
GO Middle Tennessee deserved to win. NCAA tournament committee wouldn’t have given it a chance..
GO      By the only evidence the NCAA tournament committee provided, Middle Tennessee State would not have made the bracket if not for winning the Conference USA tournament.
GO Trump administration calls the structure of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau unconstitutional in filing.
GO      The Justice Department will not support the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in a monumental court battle over whether the structure of the federal watchdog is unconstitutional, according to court documents filed Friday.
GO Jake Tapper and the 3 basic truths of covering Trump’s falsehoods.
GO    Jake Tapper went on Bill Maher’s HBO show Friday night and spoke at length about how the media covers and should cover President Trump.
GO Intelligence chairman: Justice report shows no evidence for Trump’s claims of wiretapping during campaign.
GO      The Republican chairman and ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said Sunday thatnew documents provided to Congress by the Justice Department provided no proof to support President Trump’s claim that his predecessor had ordered wiretaps of Trump Tower.
GO What to worry about when you worry about North Korea.
GO      In a remarkable statement last week, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson declared that “the political and diplomatic efforts of the past 20 years to bring North Korea to the point of denuclearization have failed.
GO Andrew Napolitano reportedly pulled from Fox News over debunked wiretapping claims.
GO          Fox News has reportedly pulled legal analyst Andrew Napolitano from the air over his baseless claim, repeated by President Trump, that British intelligence officials spied on Trump at the request of President Barack Obama.
GO White man traveled to New York to kill black men and ‘make a statement,’ police say.
GO          A white man from Maryland who told police he traveled to New York to kill black men turned himself in on Wednesday, about 24 hours after he fatally stabbed a man he encountered on the street, officials said.
GO Federal agency rules Trump’s D.C. hotel lease is in ‘full compliance’.
GO      Government officials overseeing the Trump International Hotel’s lease with the federal government have determined the deal is in “full compliance” despite a clause in the agreement barring any “elected official of the government of the United States” from deriving “any benefit.
GO Scott Stringer to investigate ACS in wake of 6-year-old’s death.
GO Comptroller Scott Stringer on Friday said he plans to investigate the city’s child welfare agency following the senseless death of    Zymere Perkins to learn whether it made good on promises to initiate key reforms following a scathing audit he released in June.
GO Google Translate error changes Russia to evil kingdom ‘Mordor’.
GO Russia is home to the Lord of the Rings’ fiery, evil kingdom of Mordor, and its foreign minister is a “sad little horse,” according to a Google Translate “technical error” that left the search giant scrambling.
GO Turkey Wedding Attack Toll Rises to 50.
GO The death toll from a suspected suicide bomb attack in the southeastern Turkish city of Gaziantep has risen to 50, the local governor’s office says.
GO Anti-Free Speech Laws Force Right-wing Activists Into Hiding Abroad.
GO Right wing activists are being forced into hiding abroad as a result of France’s oppressive laws against free speech.
GO Tim Kaine: Bill Clinton Should Resign Over Lewinsky Scandal.
GO Hillary Clinton’s running mate Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) said in 2002 that politicians facing true allegations of sexual harassment should resign, suggesting Bill Clinton’s affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky is “not appropriate conduct” and “beneath the dignity of the office.
GO Frank Thomas: Tim Tebow a ’Better Baseball Player Than He Was Football Player’ - Breitbart.
GO MLB Hall of Famer and former Chicago White Sox first baseman Frank Thomas weighed in on Tim Tebow’s baseball career, and “The Big Hurt” thinks Tebow, a Heisman winner at the University of Florida, is an even better baseball player than he was a football player.
GO Clinton Campaign Looking into Challenging Outcome of Election to Undermine the Vote - Breitbart.
GO During the weeks before the final day of the campaign, both the Clinton camp and the media attacked Donald Trump for refusing to say he would automatically accept the outcome of the vote on Election Day.
GO FTC Complaint Filed over WhatsApp Sharing User Data with Facebook - Breitbart.
GO Two consumer privacy watchdog groups have filed a formal complaint to the FTC in response to WhatsApp’s announcement last week that they would start sharing user data with their parent company Facebook.
GO Anti-Trump Air Campaign Donor Stan Pate: ‘This Is All Me’.
GO Stan Pate, the millionaire behind the air campaign against billionaire presidential candidate Donald Trump at the Rose Bowl, denies that his attack has a connection to any of the political candidates in 2016.
GO Ingham County, Michigan: One Refugee Diagnosed With Multi-Drug Resistant TB 22 Percent Have Latent TB - Breitbart.
GO One of the 3, 554 refugees resettled in Ingham County, Michigan (Lansing) during the six years beginning October 1, 2010 and ending on September 30, 2016 (FY 2011 to FY 2016) has been diagnosed with   resistant (MDR) tuberculosis (TB) the Ingham County Health Department tells Breitbart News.
GO Breitbart’s Raheem Kassam To Run For UKIP Leader.
GO Breitbart London’s editor in chief has announced his intention to run for leader of UKIP following Diane James’s resignation just 18 days after she was elected to the role.
GO Sanders: ‘If We Run Against Trump, We’ll Beat Him’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sander ( ) said, “If we run against Trump, we’ll beat him.
GO Belief in God Drops Ten Points Behind Atheism in Two Years.
GO The number of Britons who believe in God has fallen by four percentage points in under two years, a new survey on religious attitudes has found, leaving atheism to pull significantly ahead.
GO Trump: ’Protester’ Removed by Secret Service from Dayton Rally Stage Had Ties to Islamic State - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump, the 2016 GOP presidential frontrunner, Tweeted on Saturday evening that the protester removed from a rally in Dayton, Ohio, earlier on Saturday after apparently attempting to grab his leg had ties to the Islamic State group ISIS.
GO Barbara Boxer at HBO’s ’Confirmation’ Premiere: Anita Hill’s ’Courage’ Got Me Elected to Senate - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Barbara Boxer ( ) attended the   premiere of HBO’s upcoming film Confirmation on Thursday night, where she credited one of the film’s main characters, Anita Hill, for getting her elected to the Senate during the   Year of the Woman in 1992.
GO Trump Women Pay Tribute at Pulse Night Club, Campaign in Florida - Breitbart.
GO The Trump Women’s bus tour stopped in Orlando, Florida on Thursday afternoon, paying tribute at the Pulse Night Club where nearly 50 people were killed in June.
GO Muslim American Citizen: ‘I Fear for My Life from These Terrorists’.
GO On the Friday morning edition of Breitbart News Daily following the terror attack in Nice, France, a Muslim caller identified as Sam in Ohio told SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon that he feared for his life from “these terrorists” who adhere to a Wahhabist interpretation of Islam.
GO Trump: I’ll Only Lose Pennsylvania If There Is ’Cheating’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday in Altoona, PA, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said the only way he will lose this November in Pennsylvania is “if cheating goes on.
GO Texas Leaders React to SCOTUS Abortion Ruling.
GO The reaction by Texas leaders to the U. S. Supreme Court’s ruling striking down the Lone Star State’s abortion law was strong and swift.
GO NC Prosecutors Want Death Penalty for Alleged Islamic State Sympathizer.
GO North Carolina prosecutors have announced they plan to seek the death penalty for an alleged Islamic State sympathizer accused of killing his neighbor.
GO Cruz Ad Accuses Trump Of ’A Pattern Of Sleaze Stretching Back Decades’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) has launched a     that is set to air across South Carolina, which accuses Trump of “a pattern of sleaze stretching back decades.
GO Young Boy Repeatedly Raped After He Was Billeted With Migrant Men - Breitbart.
GO Two migrant men masquerading as teenagers are being prosecuted after raping a young child at a Swedish asylum centre, attacking him “ruthlessly” and even filming the assault.
GO George W. Bush: Justice Scalia a ‘Towering Figure’ On Supreme Court - Breitbart.
GO Former President George W. Bush issued a statement in reaction to the death of Justice Antonin Scalia from his ranch:[Laura and I mourn the death of a brilliant jurist and important American, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
GO Fox Sports’ Clay Travis: Colin Kaepernick ’Absurdly Delusional’ to Believe His Protest Has Made Impact on Country - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on his Fox Sports Radio show “Outkick the Coverage,” Clay Travis responded to San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick saying his national anthem protests have made “an impact on a lot of people’s lives.
GO Watch Live: Donald Trump in Grand Rapids, MI - Breitbart.
GO On Friday at 7 p. m. ET,   Donald Trump will pay a visit to Grand Rapids, MI’s Deltaplex Arena as part of his USA Thank You Tour 2016.
GO Atheist Lawsuit Forces West Texas Sheriff to Remove Crosses from Patrol Cars.
GO A West Texas sheriff’s department has been compelled to remove cross decals from patrol cars after an activist atheist organization filed a federal lawsuit.
GO Former Al Jazeera Reporter on Twitter: France ’An Islamophobic Nation’, Attack Was ’Blowback’ - Breitbart.
GO Former Al Jazeera reporter and editor of the British “5Pillars” Muslim news outlet, Roshan M Salih, took to Twitter this morning to label France as “an Islamophobic nation” who deserved last night’s terrorist attack due to their “destructive foreign policy.
GO Krauthammer: Trump Should Pick Romney If He’s the Best Candidate, Show He Can ’Overcome’ Prior Feud - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” columnist Charles Krauthammer argued   Donald Trump should pick former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney to be Secretary of State if he thinks Romney is best for the job, and “we’re going to learn a lot from Trump by what he does on this appointment.
GO 2016 Election Day: Live Updates - Breitbart.
GO AP: Donald Trumps Wins White House in Astonishing Victory[Welcome to Breitbart News’s live coverage of Election Day, 2016.
GO Manafort: My Comments About Trump Playing A ’Part’ Were Taken Out Of Context - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Paul Manafort, the convention manager for Republican presidential   Donald Trump, said his comments last week at a Republican National Committee meeting that Trump is playing a “part” were taken out of context.
GO Pence: I Wasn’t Offended By Message from ’Hamilton’ Cast - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Vice   Mike Pence said he was not offended by the cast of the Broadway musical “Hamilton,” which addressed him after the performance he attended.
GO Black Harvard Professor: Safe Spaces Do More Harm Than Good - Breitbart.
GO According to an   professor at Harvard University, providing safe spaces to minorities students does more harm than good.
GO Facebook Apologizes After Banning Breast Cancer Awareness Video - Breitbart.
GO Facebook apologized after removing a Swedish breast cancer awareness video for featuring animated breasts in a tutorial on how women can check for tumors.
GO Islamic State Magazine: Jesus Was ’A Slave of Allah’.
GO In the latest issue of its   magazine Dabiq, the Islamic State calls on Christians to abandon Christianity, arguing that Jesus himself was “a slave of Allah” who will “wage jihad” upon returning to earth.
GO Dallas PD Loses 99 Officers in 75 Days.
GO Since October 1, the Dallas Police Department has lost 99 officers who have either quit or retired.
GO Rick Ross Music Video: ’Assassinate Trump Like I’m Zimmerman’.
GO Rick Ross released the music video for his   song “Free Enterprise” this week, in which the   rapper fantasizes about the death of   Donald Trump.
GO John McCain Goes Negative as Dr. Kelli Ward Surges in AZ GOP Senate Primary - Breitbart.
GO Arizona GOP Senator John McCain’s reelection campaign is lashing out with negative attacks against his Republican primary opponent, State Senator Dr. Kelli Ward, as new polling shows trouble for McCain’s attempt for a sixth Senate term.
GO Kansas State University Gun Policy to Allow Campus-Wide Concealed Carry - Breitbart.
GO The concealed carry policy currently formulated by Kansas State University (KSU) will allow   concealed carry once the law takes effect in July 2017.
GO Hillary to FBI: Yes, Colin Powell Warned Me, But I Used Private Email Scheme Anyway - Breitbart.
GO Hillary R. Clinton, the Democratic nominee for president, told FBI agents and three DOJ employees, whose names the FBI redacted, that she received an email from former secretary of state Colin Powell warning her that, whether her email was sent on private or government email systems, it was still to be treated as government property.
GO Watch: CNN’s Cuomo Battles Trump Supporter Michael Cohen Over Bill Clinton and ’Enabler-in-Chief’ Hillary Clinton - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on CNN’s “New Day,” presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump surrogate and attorney Michael Cohen had a   battle with host Chris Cuomo over Trump’s attacks on former President Bill Clinton and his Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential   for their past treatment of women.
GO Cruz: Trump Parachutes In Like Mick Jagger, Gives A Performance and Leaves - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday, Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) likened opponent Donald Trump to the Rolling Stones’ Mick Jagger, arguing he likes to “show up at a football stadium, give some performance and then leave” at a press availability in Indianapolis, IN.
GO TheRichest: Milo Is An Evil Person Who Should Be Banned from the Internet - Breitbart.
GO TheRichest, a popular YouTube “vidbait” channel, compared Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos to paedophiles, rapists, attempted murderers, and even ISIS, including him in a list of “evil people who should be banned from the Internet.
GO Survey: 1 in 4 Federal Employees Say They Will Consider Quitting If Trump Elected - Breitbart.
GO One in four federal employees say they would consider leaving their jobs if GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is elected president, according to a new survey.
GO Cruz: Obama Administration Has Strengthened ’Tyrannical’ Castro Regime - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Sen Ted Cruz ( ) said President Barack Obama’s administration has strengthened the “tyrannical regime” of the late Fidel Castro and his brother Raúl Castro in Cuba.
GO Massive Surge of Migrants in Months Leading Up to Presidential Election.
GO A report issued by the Center for Immigration Studies revealed a massive surge in the numbers of illegal border crossings and apprehensions in the months leading up to the November 8 Presidential Election.
GO The Atlantic’s Molly Ball: Dem Infighting Has Gotten ’A Lot Worse’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” The Atlantic’s Molly Ball said the infighting inside the Democratic party over Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) continuing his candidacy when the   Hillary Clinton has almost mathematical secured the nomination has “gotten lot worse.
GO CNN: 1 in 5 Big Companies Pay No Taxes - Breitbart.
GO A new Government Accountability Office report showed that one in five big companies don’t pay any income taxes, according to CNN Money.
GO Watch: Aretha Franklin’s 5-Minute Thanksgiving National Anthem.
GO Soul legend Aretha Franklin donned a Lions beanie and belted out the National Anthem ahead of Detroit’s home game against the Minnesota Vikings on Thanksgiving, delivering one of the longest renditions of “The   Banner” in recent memory.
GO Jamaican Cleric: ’Infidels’ Are Poisoning Muslims with Cancer Water.
GO The Middle East Media Research Institute brings us the latest fiery rant from Jamaican Sheikh Abdullah   who claims infidels are putting cancer into fake “zamzam” sacred water and selling it to Muslims.
GO Victory Lap for the Much-Maligned USC/L.A. Times Poll - Breitbart.
GO The USC   Angles Times Daybreak presidential poll, which was widely criticized by the mainstream media for showing Republican Donald Trump consistently ahead of Democrat Hillary Clinton, is taking a victory lap on Wednesday morning, after Trump’s upset win.
GO Alex Kazemi on The Milo Show: Social Justice Makes People More Vulnerable to Orlando-Style Attacks - Breitbart.
GO During the latest episode of The Milo Yiannopoulos Show, Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos sat down to talk with Canadian writer and cultural critic Alex Kazemi, where the two discussed how social justice makes people less safe and how SJW’s channel their energy in a negative way.
GO Slate: Antonin Scalia’s D.C. v. Heller Is The New Roe v. Wade - Breitbart.
GO Slate magazine claimed Feb. 16 that the death of Justice Antonin Scalia makes the seminal   case District of Columbia v Heller into the new Roe v Wade.
GO Politico: Clinton Lawyer Sought To Cast Doubt on Broaddrick’s Rape Allegation - Breitbart.
GO From Politico’s Josh Gerstein:[A tweet in January in which an Arkansas woman reiterated her claim that Bill Clinton raped her in 1978 prompted a longtime personal lawyer for the Clintons, David Kendall, to gather material casting doubt on the allegation, according to a hacked email released Saturday.
GO Sasse: Your Candidate Should Be Someone You Would Want At a Dinner with Your Children - Breitbart.
GO Thursday at the the annual Conservative Political Action Conference hosted by the American Conservative Union, Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) appeared to take a veiled shot at GOP presidential   Donald Trump when he said any presidential candidate should be “someone you would want to sit at a diner table with your children.
GO No Memorial For Slain Migrant Worker In Sweden For Fear Of Offending Migrants.
GO The municipal government in the Swedish town where an asylum centre worker was stabbed to death refuses to allow a memorial at the centre for fear of offending migrants.
GO Cowherd: Steroid Users Should Be Allowed in Hall of Fame - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s “The Herd” on Fox Sports 1, host Colin Cowherd reacted to former New York Mets catcher Mike Piazza being elected into the MLB Hall of Fame on Wednesday, despite some allegations he used performance enhancing drugs (PEDs) in his career.
GO Saudi Arabia to Open Women-Only Mobile Phone Shopping Center.
GO A   mobile phone shopping center is slated to open in Saudi Arabia as part of a nationwide plan to “ ” the kingdom’s cellular communications market, which currently relies almost entirely on a foreign workforce.
GO Krauthammer: Trump Is ’Victim’ of ’Totalitarian’ Left In Chicago, ’Unconscionable’ He Doesn’t Condemn Punching Protesters - Breitbart.
GO Columnist Charles Krauthammer stated Republican presidential candidate and his supporters “are the victims” in the violence that broke out at one of his events in Chicago, and shouldn’t be blamed, but that it’s “really unconscionable” Trump wouldn’t condemn an attendee at another rally punching a demonstrator on Monday’s “Special Report” on the Fox News Channel.
GO Rubio on Trump’s Muslim Ban, Mass Deportations: ’That’s Not Going To Happen’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” former presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s proposals of a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States or mass deportation of undocumented immigrants living and working in America are not going to happen.
GO Newsmax CEO: Give Jeb! a Second Look - Breitbart.
GO Christopher Ruddy, the CEO and editor of Newsmax, writes that “Jeb Bush deserves a second look.
GO Hillary Clinton: It’s ‘Incredibly Painful’ to Run Against Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton complains that it’s difficult to run against Donald Trump, berating him for running a negative campaign despite polls showing that she is ahead.
GO Donald Trump Jr. Draws Crowd of 500 in Pennsylvania - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump Jr. told a crowd of 500 western Pennsylvanians Wednesday that he feels his father will win the typically blue state, citing the Republican presidential nominee’s “common sense” appeal to everyday Americans.
GO Trump: Terrorists Dream At Night Hillary Will Become President - Breitbart.
GO Friday at the Western Conservative Summit in Denver, CO, presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said terrorists like the Islamic State (ISIS) who chop off heads and drown people, dream at night of presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton becoming president of the United States.
GO The Hill: Hillary’s Enthusiasm Gap Could Cost Her the Election.
GO Niall Stanage at The Hill writes on how the enthusiasm gap for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton might adversely affect her chances in November.
GO Hillary Compares FBI Investigation of Email to Benghazi: ’Pretty Clear They’re Grasping at Straws’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton compared the FBI investigation into her handling of classified material on her private email server during her tenure as secretary of state to the investigations into the 2012 Benghazi terror attacks saying, “I think it’s pretty clear they’re grasping at straws and this will turn out the same.
GO South Carolina Woman Charged Having Sex with Dog After Selfie Videos Discovered - Breitbart.
GO A South Carolina woman was arrested and charged with abusing an animal after a video she made of herself having sex with her pet dog were discovered by police.
GO LGBT News Denounces Pope Francis for Failing to Mention Gays in Orlando Statement.
GO The LGBT news outlet “PinkNews” has censured Pope Francis for his failure to expressly call out the gay community in his statement of grief and condemnation for the brutal killing of 49 people at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando last Sunday.
GO MILO: ’The Patriarchy? Oh, You Mean Western Civilization’ - Breitbart.
GO In his talk at Ohio University on defining the patriarchy, MILO said that the patriarchy is syonymous with western civilization.
GO Rep. Steven Palazzo: ’If 2nd Amendment Goes Down, All Our Rights Go Down’ - Breitbart.
GO Over the weekend, Breitbart News spoke with Rep. Steven Palazzo about his push to censure Obama over executive gun control, and Palazzo said, “If the Second Amendment goes down, all our rights go down.
GO Ted Cruz Picks Up Six Endorsements From Rand Paul’s Backers - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) has picked up endorsements from six New Hampshire lawmakers who previously supported Sen. Rand Paul’s presidential bid.
GO A Malignancy Grows at an International Cancer Agency.
GO The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) now faces congressional inquiries, legal challenges, and harsh criticism from the scientific community that are shredding the agency’s credibility and threatening its future.
GO What to Watch for on Election Night.
GO Tuesday evening, after Election Day’s tranquility, new clamors will erupt as analysts with agendas tickle portents and lessons from the torrent of election returns.
GO Planned Parenthood – 100 Years Wrong, and How We Can Make It Right.
GO This week, America’s largest abortion chain, Planned Parenthood, will surpass the $30 million mark in money spent to influence this year’s political cycle.
GO When Hollywood Goes Liberal, It Goes Bankrupt.
GO Not surprisingly, Hollywood has gone all in for Hillary Clinton during this election season.
GO Why We Have an Electoral College.
GO I’m in my   and my circle of friends has suffered a nervous breakdown this week.
GO Who Might Be in the Trump Cabinet?.
GO In the days immediately following   Donald Trump’s stunning victory on Election Day, he named two of his closest allies to White House posts: Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus as chief of staff and former Breitbart News executive Stephen Bannon as chief strategist.
GO Setting the Record Straight on Congress’s Review of the Obama-Iran Nuclear Deal.
GO In a recent editorial on possible nominations for secretary of state, National Review’s editors repeated the notion that by voting in favor of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (INARA) Congress somehow “facilitated” the deal’s path through Congress.
GO Trump Would Relish a Supreme Court Fight.
GO Chuck Schumer, the incoming leader of Senate Democrats, warned Sunday on NBC’s Meet the Press that any Supreme Court nominee of Donald Trump’s will be filibustered if he or she isn’t “mainstream.
GO Learning from Nancy Pelosi.
GO Representative Tim Ryan of Ohio is challenging former speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi for the leadership of the Democratic party in the House of Representatives.
GO Senator Jeff Sessions Will Be the Restorative Attorney General We Need.
GO I have only one complaint regarding the splendid news that   Donald Trump will nominate Senator Jeff Sessions (R. Ala.) to be the next attorney general of the United States: He is such a valuable legislator, he may be irreplaceable in the Senate.
GO The Latino Voting Surge That Never Happened.
GO If you type “Hispanic turnout 2016,” Google will churn out a series of buoyant links, all along the lines of “Latino Voting Surge Rattles the Trump Campaign” and “Trump Awakens a Sleeping Giant: Record Turnout for Latino Voters.
GO GW Students: Cops Protecting Us Is an ‘Act of Violence’ Because Police Union Endorsed Trump.
GO Several student groups at George Washington University in Washington, D. C. sent a letter to administrators claiming that the police protecting them on campus is an “act of violence” because a police union endorsed Donald Trump.
GO The Muslim Registry that Wasn’t.
GO The first thing to know about Donald Trump’s alleged proposal for a Muslim registry is that it isn’t a Muslim registry.
GO If You Need a Hotline to Handle Thanksgiving, Then You Actually Need to Get Over Yourself.
GO A   group, Showing Up for Racial Justice, has launched a hotline that people can call if they need help handling tough political discussions with their families on Thanksgiving.
GO How to Keep Trump’s Infrastructure Spending Plan from Going off the Rails.
GO ‘The ​conservatives are going to go crazy,” Donald Trump’s senior advisor, Steve Bannon, recently told the Hollywood Reporter about his grand plans for a massive new spending program.
GO What To Expect from the Trump–Ryan Relationship.
GO Donald Trump’s first appointments as   were a mixed bag for Speaker of the House Paul Ryan.
GO Killing <I>Aida</I>.
GO Editor’s Note: In a recent issue of National Review, we published a piece by Jay Nordlinger about art and identity politics.
GO Welcome to the Party of Trump.
GO I stirred up some controversy last week when I told a conference of several dozen House Republicans that the GOP is now officially a Trump   party.
GO Would Another Republican Have Defeated Hillary Clinton?.
GO Would any Republican besides Donald Trump have beaten Hillary Clinton and been elected the 45th president?
GO No, the Swamp Won’t Be Drained.
GO It wasn’t quite “build the wall” or “lock her up,” but “drain the swamp” was a signature Donald Trump slogan.
GO Why Trump’s Phone Conversation with Taiwan’s President Is a Good Sign.
GO When the   of the U. S. took a phone call last week with Taiwanese president Tsai   he may not have known that he was breaking a    precedent and potentially disrupting the delicate state of affairs that prevails between Taiwan and its neighbor across the Taiwan Strait, China.
GO How Should We Decipher Trumpspeak?.
GO It would make a perfect clickbait ad: “Learn this one simple trick to stop worrying about Donald Trump and Make America Great Again.
GO The NCAA title game is guaranteed to have at least one team that isn’t a blue blood.
GO      After Thursday night’s Sweet 16 games, one thing has become clear: The national championship game is guaranteed to have at least one team that isn’t among the NCAA’s blue bloods.
GO Why Republicans were in such a hurry on health care.
GO          Why were Republicans rushing to vote on a   plan that they’d barely finished drafting, that budget scorekeepers hadn’t had a chance to fully evaluate, and that, insofar as people did know about it, was widely despised?
GO Rex Tillerson’s ‘new approach’ to North Korea sounds a lot like the old approach.
GO      When Secretary of State Rex Tillerson showed up in Asia this month, he announced that the United States would take a “new approach ” to North Korea.
GO Two girls barred from United flight for wearing leggings.
GO      A United Airlines gate agent barred two girls from boarding a flight Sunday morning because the girls were wearing leggings.
GO 23 people ask the Justice Department to launch a criminal inquiry into its chief, Jeff Sessions.
GO      Nearly two dozen people from five states are accusing Attorney General Jeff Sessions of lying to the Senate Judiciary Committee about his communications with the Russian government and subsequently trying to cover up that lie, according to a complaint sent to the Department of Justice.
GO North Carolina’s bathroom bill cost the state at least $3.7 billion, new analysis finds.
GO          A year after North Carolina enacted a law regulating transgender people’s use of public restrooms, sparking boycotts and costing the state jobs and sports events alike, a new analysis says the legislation’s economic fallout is greater than previously estimated.
GO Since 2007, the DEA has taken $3.2 billion in cash from people not charged with a crime.
GO      The Drug Enforcement Administration takes billions of dollars in cash from people who are never charged with criminal activity, according to a report issued today by the Justice Department’s Inspector General.
GO How Trump and China’s Xi could stumble into war.
GO          It may not be apparent when President Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping meet beneath the towering palms and crystal chandeliers at    this coming week, but the nations they lead are on a collision course for war.
GO White House social media director misused official position by going after GOP lawmaker, ethics experts say.
GO      A tweet by White House social media director Dan Scavino Jr. urging supporters of President Trump to challenge a GOP lawmaker may have violated a federal law that prohibits officials from using their positions for political activity, ethics experts said.
GO Melania Trump and the politics of airbrushing.
GO      The official portrait of first lady Melania Trump is jarring because her face appears to be heavily retouched, or perhaps just photographed through a lens smeared with Vaseline.
GO Don’t insult the boss’s son-in-law.
GO      Stephen K. Bannon broke the cardinal rule of office politics: Don’t insult the boss’s relatives.
GO It’ll take more than a missile strike to clean up Obama’s mess in Syria.
GO       American missile strikes against Syria are a critical first step toward protecting civilians from the threat of chemical weapons, and President Trump deserves credit for doing what the Obama administration refused to do.
GO A girl was found living among monkeys in an Indian forest. How she got there is a mystery..
GO          Amid a troop of monkeys in the Katraniaghat forest range in northern India roamed a naked human girl, playing with the primates as if she were one of them.
GO Kushner, Bannon sit down to work out differences on Trump’s orders.
GO      Annoyed that palace intrigue stories dominated the headlines late this week, President Trump ordered two of his top advisers, Jared Kushner and Stephen K. Bannon, to work out their differences, according to two senior White House officials.
GO Deputy national security adviser K.T. McFarland to leave National Security Council post.
GO      Deputy national security adviser K. T. McFarland is expected to leave her National Security Council post and is expected to be named U. S. ambassador to Singapore, an administration official said.
GO What to expect from ObamaCare’s replacement.
GO Republicans have officially begun the long and complex road to repealing and “replacing” ObamaCare.
GO Civil-rights legend says Trump isn’t a ‘legitimate president’.
GO   legend and Georgia Rep. John Lewis said he is going to sit out Donald Trump’s inauguration because he doesn’t believe Trump is a “legitimate president.
GO Conflict over Russia is rocky start for Trump and intelligence agencies.
GO    Donald Trump’s rejection this weekend of U. S. intelligence analysts’ conclusion that Russia intervened in the 2016 election to help him win the White House is the latest in a string of conflicts between Trump and the intelligence community he will command.
GO Tillerson to hand over reins to Exxon’s president Woods.
GO Tillerson, 64, will retire at the end of the year and Woods, 51, will take over effective Jan. 1, Exxon, the world’s largest publicly traded oil company, said.
GO Data Dive: What a quarter point costs you.
GO If you have the average amount of credit card debt, the Fed’s decision to raise interest rates by a quarter of a percentage point could cost you about $3.
GO Fox News projects: Clinton wins North Carolina, Florida, Ohio .
GO     Fox New projects that Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton will win the Ohio primary Tuesday night    adding to projected,   victories in Florida and North Carolina.
GO 5 North Carolina deputies disciplined in connection with Trump campaign rally.
GO     The Cumberland County Sheriff’s office announced Wednesday it disciplined five deputies who it says watched and did nothing when a protester being escorted from a Fayetteville, North Carolina Donald Trump rally was punched by a Trump supporter.
GO FBI: California college stabbing suspect may have been self-radicalized, had ISIS propaganda.
GO     The California college student who stabbed four people last fall in a campus spree that ended when he was killed by campus police had ISIS propaganda on his laptop and may have been ”” the FBI announced Thursday.
GO Virginia man pleads guilty in attempt to join Islamic State.
GO     A northern Virginia man charged in a sting operation with attempting to join the Islamic State has pleaded guilty to a federal terrorism charge.
GO Hulk Hogan awarded $115 million by jury in Gawker sex tape suit.
GO    A jury awarded Hulk Hogan $115 million Friday, siding with the   wrestler in his sex tape lawsuit against Gawker Media, the Associated Press reported.
GO Obama to Cuba amid hopes, criticism about improving diplomatic relations.
GO     President Obama departed Sunday for Cuba, the start of an historic trip in which he’ll try to further improve U. S. relations with the isolated island country and encourage its communist leaders to make life better for their citizens.
GO American chain Starwood to run 3 Cuban hotels.
GO Starwood signed a deal on Saturday to renovate and run three Cuban hotels, returning U. S. chains to the island more than 50 years after American hotels were taken over by Fidel Castro’s socialist revolution.
GO Trump reportedly to meet with top Republicans in Washington.
GO     Donald Trump will reportedly meet Monday in Washington with nearly two dozen influential Republicans, with the apparent hope of improving relations with the GOP establishment.
GO Montana GOP officials fight to ’close’ primary, in complication for Trump.
GO     Montana Republicans are asking the U. S. Supreme Court to step in as early as this week and force the state to “close” its upcoming primary so only GOP voters can participate    in a case that could pose complications for Donald Trump.
GO Members of ’Leavenworth 10’ languish in military prison, while Gitmo detainees freed.
GO     The Obama administration is emptying the military’s Guantanamo Bay detention facility of avowed terrorists captured fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq, but several American service members languish in another military prison for actions on those same battlefields that their supporters say merit clemency, if not gratitude.
GO Ex-Gitmo detainee nabbed in Spain latest on growing list of terrorists returning to battle .
GO     A terror suspect nabbed last week in North Africa is the latest in a mounting and alarming list of former Guantanamo Bay detainees to return to the battlefield, say experts who have tracked Gitmo prisoners in and out of the facility for the last 14 years.
GO FBI may have found way to unlock San Bernardino attacker’s iPhone.
GO     A federal judge canceled a hearing Tuesday in the legal battle to force Apple to break into an encrypted iPhone used by one of the San Bernadino attackers, after federal officials said in a court filing they may have found another way to access the device.
GO Pianist’s estranged wife charged with killing 2 daughters in Texas home.
GO     Texas police on Monday accused the estranged wife of internationally renowned pianist Vadym Kholodenko of killing the couple’s two young daughters before stabbing herself.
GO Retired trooper who killed 2 at Pa. toll plaza filed for bankruptcy last year.
GO     A retired Pennsylvania trooper who fatally shot two turnpike employees at a toll plaza, then was killed trying to unload money from a toll collection vehicle, had filed for bankruptcy last year after running up huge credit card debt, bankruptcy records show.
GO Summer travel to Europe expected to slump after Brussels attacks.
GO Tuesday’s deadly coordinated terror attacks in Brussels have some thinking twice about a summer trip to Europe.
GO Comedian Garry Shandling dead at 66.
GO    Comedian Garry Shandling, known for “It’s Garry Shandling’s Show” and “The Larry Sanders Show,” died Thursday.
GO Feds reportedly eye interview with Clinton, reach out to aides in email probe.
GO     Federal prosecutors reportedly are expected to try to interview Hillary Clinton and already have started reaching out for interviews with top aides as part of the FBI probe into her personal email use, a sign the investigation is moving into a new and potentially final phase.
GO Four Americans confirmed killed in Brussels attacks, death toll at 35.
GO     Four Americans are confirmed to have been killed in last week’s terror attacks in Brussels, the State Department said late Sunday.
GO Krauthammer on Obama: He’s ’operating in a world that is detached from ours’.
GO     Syndicated columnist Charles Krauthammer told viewers Friday on “Special Report with Bret Baier” that President Obama’s comments following the nuclear security summit in Washington are evidence the president is divorced from reality, and from the real problems plaguing the world.
GO Krauthammer: Trump’s abortion stumble shows how unprepared front-runner is.
GO     Syndicated columnist Charles Krauthammer said Monday on “Special Report with Bret Baier” that Republican   Donald Trump showed just how unprepared he is when it comes to policy issues, especially after he stumbled on a question about abortion.
GO At least 22 Islamic radicals linked to the Paris and Brussels attacks could still be at large.
GO     At least 22 radical Islamists from Europe linked to the terror network behind the Brussels and Paris attacks are suspected to be still at large, putting security services on high alert as they rush to prevent the Islamic State from striking again in the region.
GO Exit polls: Evangelicals surge to Cruz, independents lean Trump in Wisconsin.
GO     Evangelical voters were flocking to Ted Cruz in Tuesday’s Wisconsin Republican primary hours before polls close, in the latest sign of the Texas senator’s strength in the state    while independents were breaking, to a lesser degree, for Donald Trump, according to exit polls.
GO Illinois couple defiant despite $80G fine for refusing gay union at B&B.
GO     An Illinois couple who refused to host a gay civil union ceremony at their idyllic bed and breakfast five years ago was defiant Tuesday after being ordered to pay an $80, 000 fine and hold a celebration for the pair.
GO Ex-’Apprentice’ contestants to Donald Trump: We hope you’re fired!.
GO A handful of former contestants from Donald Trump’s reality show “The Apprentice” say the Republican   should not be president.
GO Apple’s newest MacBook Pro is the first MacBook not recommended by Consumer Reports.
GO ’’ ”Consumer Reports, one of the most thorough publications to do testing on laptops, says Apple’s new MacBook Pros have problems with ” ’As a result, Apple’’s latest laptops are the first from the company not to receive a ”recommended” rating, Consumer Reports .
GO Senior leader at Facebook’s Oculus arrested after allegedly soliciting sex from cop posing as underage girl.
GO ’’ ”Dov Katz, a senior leader at Facebook’s Oculus VR virtual reality subsidiary, has been arrested after allegedly soliciting sex from a police officer posing as an underage girl, reports .” ’According to King 5’’s report, Katz has been charged with ”’ ’’ ’’
GO 5 foods that are poised to become the LaCroix of 2017.
GO ’ released its predictions for the top trending products that will dominate the food industry in 2017.’ ’’ ’Last year, LaCroix soared in popularity.’ ’This year, Halo Top ice cream and Harvest Snaps’ ”Here’s the full list.” ’’ ’’ ’ ’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’’ ’Harvest Snaps are crunchy snacks made of snap peas, lentils, and black beans.
GO What Would Change Your Mind About President Trump?.
GO If recent measures of public opinion hold, President Trump will enter office viewed unfavorably by 49 percent of Americans.
GO 2016, Summed Up in a Word.
GO It’s not easy to sum up the past year in a single word, even if you stick to one language.
GO The Atlantic Daily: Turning Points.
GO         This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as The Atlantic Daily, a newsletter with stories, ideas, and images from The Atlantic, written specially for subscribers.
GO Trump Supporters on What Would Change Their Minds.
GO Last week, I explained how the Trump administration could exceed my expectations and asked Donald Trump supporters to lay down their own markers.
GO Why Christians Are Disproportionately Powerful in Congress.
GO The 115th Congress is back in session, and at least one thing looks the same as usual: 91 percent of its members identify as Christians.
GO An Intelligence Report That Will Change No One’s Mind.
GO The Office of the Director of National Intelligence released its most detailed report on alleged Russian hacking aimed at interfering with the presidential election on Friday.
GO All of Human Knowledge Buried in a Salt Mine.
GO Martin Kunze wants to gather a snapshot of all of human knowledge onto plates and bury it away in the world’s oldest salt mine.
GO Can the Flaws in Credit Scoring Be Fixed?.
GO That credit scoring and reporting is an opaque and flawed system isn’t a new revelation.
GO Why Trump’s Conflict-of-Interest Plan Won’t Prevent Conflicts of Interest.
GO Updated on January 11 at 5:56 p. m. ET,   Donald Trump announced at a press conference Wednesday that he is transferring control of his company to his sons, a plan that falls far short of what ethics experts have advised for the   to prevent conflicts of interest as a result of his business entanglements.
GO Redstone’s granddaughter says she backs Viacom’s directors.
GO The independent directors have questioned Sumner Redstone’s mental competence, and said they would legally contest any move by his purported representatives to remove them from Viacom’s board.
GO Commentary: What made Muhammad Ali ‘unforgivably’ black.
GO Muhammad Ali’s Black Power activism may not fit neatly into the outpouring of grief, respect and reflection in the coming days and weeks after his death Friday at age 74.
GO Commentary: What the FBI didn’t say about Hillary Clinton’s email.
GO Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey’s recommendation that no charges be brought against Hillary Clinton for her use of an unclassified email server while secretary of state is significant, but what he did not address is equally important.
GO Clinton Sent Classified Email From Private Server After Leaving State Dept. - Breitbart.
GO Hard on the heels of the FBI’s revelation that Hillary Clinton withheld at least 30 emails potentially related to the Benghazi attack from the State Department, comes the potentially even more devastating discovery that she was still sending classified material through her secret, unsecured private email server after she left the State Department.
GO PHOTOS: Brazilians Burn President in Effigy to Celebrate Impeachment Vote - Breitbart.
GO Brazilians danced in the streets, chanting and even burning their president in effigy on Sunday to celebrate the House of Representatives’ vote to impeach leftist head of state Dilma Rousseff.
GO Ted Cruz: Trump ’Gets Very Angry When The Voters Reject Him’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday in New York City, Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) reacted to his rival Donald Trump calling him a Trojan horse and a pawn of Republican party bosses by saying Trump “gets very angry when the voters reject him.
GO Obama: I’m Optimistic Americans Will Say No to Trump - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “Fareed Zakaria GPS,” when asked about Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, President Barack Obama said he expected that Americans will say “no” to Trump’s policy measures.
GO Oscar Winner Michael Caine: ’You Can’t Vote for an Actor Because He’s Black’.
GO     actor Michael Caine has weighed in on the Oscars diversity controversy, saying in a recent interview that while he personally believes that one black actor in particular should have been nominated at this year’s ceremony, “you can’t vote for an actor because he’s black.
GO Goldman Sachs Executive Helped Bill Clinton Write His State of the Union Address - Breitbart.
GO Former President Bill Clinton received a faxed draft from a top Goldman Sachs executive to help him write his State of the Union address during his   year of 1996.
GO MILO Event at The University of Maryland Cancelled Due to Security Fee Censorship - Breitbart.
GO A scheduled event on MILO’s “Dangerous Faggot” tour at the University of Maryland was cancelled after university administrators hit students with a massive increase in security fees just days before the event.
GO Farage on Trump Polls: Pollsters Can’t Find People Outside of Politics - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “Fareed Zakaria GPS,” while discussing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s poll numbers, Brexit supporter and founder of the UK Independence Party Nigel Farage said, “The polling companies find it really hard to find people who are outside of politics and who are now coming into politics.
GO McConnell: ’I Am Concerned About the Hispanic Vote’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Sennate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) said he is concerned about Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s effect on the Hispanic vote.
GO Brent Bozell: Milo Silly, ’An Embarrassment to Breitbart’ for Criticizing Facebook Meeting - Breitbart.
GO President of the Media Research Center Brent Bozell called Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos “an embarrassment” to Breitbart News after he criticized Bozell and over a dozen other conservatives for attending a meeting with Facebook over allegations of suppressing conservatives on the social media platform.
GO Marco Rubio Campaigning On Provision In Gang of Eight Bill - Breitbart.
GO Marco Rubio is reaffirming his support for part of his 2013 Gang of Eight bill by touting its alleged security provisions.
GO Clinton Global Initiative Meeting Was A Flop, According To Leaked Notes - Breitbart.
GO The Clinton Global Initiative’s (CGI) latest annual meeting was a major flop, according to leaked notes from a conference call held by CGI program advisers after the September 2015 meeting in New York City.
GO Hillary Clinton: I Feel Emotion As I Approach History - Breitbart.
GO Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton confirms that she feels emotion when she thinks about becoming the first woman nominee for president.
GO Donna Brazile Denies Feeding Hillary Clinton Questions Ahead of CNN Town Hall - Breitbart.
GO Democratic National Committee Chair Donna Brazile has denied providing Hillary Clinton with questions from a CNN town hall debate ahead of the event, despite WikiLeaks documents that suggest the former adviser to President Bill Clinton did provide a question to Clinton’s aides.
GO 28 Things Donald Trump Promises to Do as President - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump is laying out delivered a long list of things he would do if elected president.
GO The $5 Million D.C. Mansion Where The Obamas Will Live After Leaving The White House - Breitbart.
GO After President Obama leaves the White House, his family has plans to move to a $5 million mansion in Washington D. C.[According to Politico’s Mike Allen, Obama will lease the mansion from former Bill Clinton press secretary Joe Lockhart and Giovanna Gray.
GO Rush On CA Anti-Trump Mob Violence: ’Breitbart News Was There, Breitbart News Is Everywhere, Breitbart News Daily Is Everywhere’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday on the “Rush Limbaugh Show,” while discussing the   mob attacking presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s supporters while they were trying to leave a campaign rally in San Jose, CA, last night, the conservative talk show host said, “Breitbart News was there.
GO Breitbart’s Aaron Klein Hits Back at ’Offensive’ Smears: ’We Report the Truth’ - Breitbart.
GO The Press Gazette in the UK reports: The senior reporter for   news website Breitbart has hit back at “offensive smears” which have been leveled at the site and its executive chairman Steve Bannon.
GO CNN Commentator Angela Rye Slimes Sheriff David Clarke as ’Like a Terrorist’ - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday CNN commentator Angela Rye denounced Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, claiming he is not fit to serve in a Donald Trump administration because he is “like a terrorist.
GO ATF: Gun Production More Than Doubled Since Obama Took Office - Breitbart.
GO The production of guns has more than doubled since President Barack Obama’s inauguration in 2009, amid his frequent demands for more   and fewer guns.
GO 64-Year-Old on Dialysis Pulls Gun, Stops Alleged Intruder - Breitbart.
GO A    homeowner hooked to a dialysis machine managed to pull a gun and prevent an alleged intruder from entering his home.
GO As Hillary Clinton’s Campaign Falters, Progressive Presidential Nominee Jill Stein Has Opening to Rise - Breitbart.
GO Recent controversies plaguing Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign may have created an opportunity for Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein to win over the hearts of some progressives and jump start her   “ ” movement.
GO **Watch Live** Milo Yiannopoulos at DePaul University - Breitbart.
GO **UPDATE** Milo Yiannopoulos has ended his speech early and led attendees to march on the DePaul President’s office in protest.
GO Report: Justin Bieber Turned Down $5 Million to Perform at RNC - Breitbart.
GO Canadian pop star Justin Bieber reportedly turned down a $5 million offer to perform in Cleveland during the Republican National Convention on the advice of NBA superstar LeBron James and his manager Scooter Braun, a staunch supporter of Democrat Hillary Clinton.
GO Tennis Star Receives Death Threats After Early Wimbledon Exit - Breitbart.
GO Men’s tennis star Kevin Anderson revealed that he received death threats all over social media from dejected tennis gamblers this week after his     Wimbledon loss to Denis Istomin.
GO Trump Walk of Fame Star Smasher: ’If I Must Go to Jail, I Will’.
GO The man who allegedly destroyed Donald Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame early Wednesday morning says he is prepared to accept the legal consequences of his actions, including possibly spending time in jail.
GO Illinois Rep: Put Serial Numbers on Bullets to Fight Chicago Gun Violence - Breitbart.
GO Illinois state representative Sonya Harper ( ) is pushing to require serial numbers on all bullets sold in the state as a way to fight gun violence in Chicago.
GO FBI Director James Comey: Put Tape Over Your Webcams, America - Breitbart.
GO During a conference at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, FBI Director James Comey stood by his advice to put tape over computer webcams, calling it a “sensible” privacy precaution, on par with locking your doors at night.
GO Trump AIDS Joke in Sacha Baron Cohen Movie Worries Sony Execs - Breitbart.
GO A scene in the upcoming Sacha Baron Cohen film The Brothers Grimsby, in which Donald Trump contracts AIDS, reportedly has Sony executives worried about potential blowback from the Republican presidential frontrunner.
GO Hillary Clinton: ’The Unborn Person Doesn’t Have Constitutional Rights’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” while discussing her position on abortion, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said under our laws currently “the unborn person doesn’t have constitutional rights.
GO U.S. Serviceman Killed By Islamic State.
GO An American serviceman has become the second to be killed by Islamic State after fighters broke through the line of defense during an operation in northern Iraq.
GO Obama: ‘I See a Straight Line’ from Sarah Palin to Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO Louis Nelson in Politico notes President Obama’s comments in a recent interview with New York Magazine’s Jonathan Chait, in which Obama says that he sees “a straight line” starting from the vice presidential nomination of former Alaska governor Sarah Palin to the rise of the tea party movement to the candidacy of Donald Trump.
GO Liberal Comedian @EricAndre Tries, Fails to Troll Breitbart News.
GO Liberal comedian Eric André interrupted Breitbart News’ live coverage of the Republican National Convention Monday afternoon, stepping onto the set during a live broadcast in what was ultimately a failed attempt to troll Breitbart California editor Joel Pollak and senior investigative reporter Lee Stranahan.
GO Donald Trump Campaign Manager: Other Candidates Thinking About Skipping Fox Debate - Breitbart.
GO Speaking on Good Morning America and Morning Joe this morning, Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski hinted that other candidates were thinking of dropping out of the upcoming Fox News debate after Trump decided to bail.
GO Seattle Woman Told to Change Clothes or Find a New Airline - Breitbart.
GO A Seattle, WA burlesque dancer says she was stripped of her dignity when an airline told her to change her clothes or find a new flight, according to a KOMO News report.
GO Field Poll: Hillary Clinton’s Lead Slipping... in California.
GO A new Field poll released Tuesday shows that while Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton still enjoys a sizable lead among likely voters in California, her lead is slipping significantly, falling seven points since July.
GO Chicago Airport Police Officers Directed to ’Run And Hide’ In Event of Active Shooter - Breitbart.
GO Aviation police officers at Chicago’s O’Hare and Midway airports have been advised to “run and hide” in the event of an active shooter at either facility.
GO MSNBC Guest: Kellyanne Conway’s Job Is to Be a ’White Woman’ People Can Be Comfortable With - Breitbart.
GO On Saturday’s “AM Joy” on MSNBC, communications consultant Tara Dowdell said Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway’s job with the Trump campaign is to be the “white woman that people can be comfortable with.
GO Report: Marco Rubio Edging Toward Ted Cruz Endorsement - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Marco Rubio exited the race for the Republican nomination on Tuesday, and now sources familiar with both Rubio and his rival candidate, Sen. Ted Cruz, indicate that an endorsement is in the works.
GO Reports: Zika Case Discovered in Israel.
GO i24 News reports: Municipal workers in central Israel on Sunday sprayed pesticides in the vicinity of the home of a person found to be carrying the dangerous Zika virus, local media reported.
GO Gloria Allred Was Hillary’s Delegate at Democratic Convention.
GO Gloria Allred, the lawyer who appeared Friday with Summer Zervos, the newest woman to claim she was the victim of inappropriate sexual conduct by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, was also a Hillary Clinton delegate to the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia in July.
GO Obama: Donald Trump ‘Doesn’t Know Much About Foreign Policy’ - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama criticized Republican frontrunner Donald Trump, saying he “doesn’t know much about foreign policy, or nuclear policy, or the Korean Peninsula, or the world generally.
GO Matthew McConaughey Is ’Happy’ and ’Honored’ to be an American.
GO Academy Award winning actor Matthew McConaughey says his latest movie, Free State of Jones, a Civil War epic, has made him “honored” to be an American.
GO Maggie Haberman: ’There Were Some Supporters of Hillary Clinton Who Started the Birther Movement’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” New York Times Presidential Campaign Correspondent and CNN Political Analyst Maggie Haberman stated that while “Trump rushed ahead” with birther conspiracy theories, “There were some supporters of Hillary Clinton who started the birther movement.
GO Josh Earnest: We’re Fighting War of Narratives Against Islamic State - Breitbart.
GO White House press secretary Josh Earnest warns that heightened   rhetoric in the presidential campaign is helping terrorists defeat the Obama administration’s “war of narratives” against the Islamic State.
GO Super Saturday: Ted Cruz Scores Upset Victory in Kansas Republican Caucus - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is now projected to win the first Republican Caucus state on Super Saturday, according to CNN, as tallies indicate he has scored a landslide victory over businessman Donald Trump, who is now expected to finish in second place.
GO Hunting, Fishing Recognized as Constitutional Rights in Kansas, Indiana - Breitbart.
GO While Donald Trump was winning the day nationally on November 8, voters in Kansas and Indiana were enshrining that hunting and fishing are constitutional rights.
GO John Kerry to Deliver Major Address on Israel on Wednesday.
GO Outgoing Secretary of State John Kerry will deliver a speech about Israel and the Middle East peace process on Wednesday from within the State Department.
GO ’Women’s Equality Party’ Admits It Has No Position on Sharia.
GO The UK feminist Women’s Equality Party has admitted it has no position on Sharia courts and laws.
GO Bill Clinton: Hillary ’Did Just Fine,’ at Forum ’Even With’ Matt Lauer - Breitbart.
GO In a clip that was aired on Friday’s “CNN Newsroom,” former President Bill Clinton said that “even with” moderator Matt Lauer, Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton “did just fine” during Wednesday’s    Forum.
GO Wisconsin Teen Impaled by Basketball Court - Breitbart.
GO A    Wisconsin basketball player is recovering after a freak accident on the court left her impaled by a floorboard, according to a report by Fox 6 Now.
GO Councilman Joe Borelli: A Donald Trump Victory in New York Will Make Him ’the Presumptive Nominee’ - Breitbart.
GO On Breitbart News Daily Monday morning, Joe Borelli, New York City Councilman and Donald Trump’s   for the state, said that while Sen. Ted Cruz has skillfully sewn up delegates in Colorado and Wyoming, a blowout vote for Trump in New York could make the senator’s victories irrelevant and crown Trump as the party’s nominee.
GO Ted Cruz calls for law enforcement to “patrol and secure” Muslim neighborhoods.
GO      This post has been updated Sen. Ted Cruz said in the wake of Tuesday’s terrorist attacks in Brussels that law enforcement should closely guard Muslim neighborhoods, prompting swift criticism.
GO This brilliant plan to change macaroni and cheese duped us all.
GO      Last April, Kraft announced that it would eventually change its famous macaroni and cheese product.
GO Paul Ryan should stop pussyfooting around the threat of Donald Trump.
GO      In another maddeningly elliptical criticism of Republican   Donald Trump, House Speaker Paul Ryan ( .)
GO Garry Shandling dies at 66.
GO        Comedian Garry Shandling died on Thursday, according to the Associated Press.
GO Univision’s Jorge Ramos lays waste to Bill O’Reilly, then Sean Hannity.
GO      Hand it to Sean Hannity: Even after colleague Bill O’Reilly got schooled last week by Univision anchor Jorge Ramos, he himself invited Ramos on his Fox News program for essentially the same discussion.
GO Ted Cruz and Donald Trump are fighting over their wives. This was inevitable..
GO        Throughout the political world, people are expressing shock, dismay, and disgust at the argument that has broken out between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz over their wives.
GO San Francisco mayor bars city workers’ travel to North Carolina over transgender bathroom law.
GO      San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee on Friday said he is banning city employees from traveling to North Carolina on public business after the state passed a law limiting transgender rights.
GO Elon Musk has a lot riding on his new Tesla.
GO      Tesla chief executive Elon Musk is poised to reveal his newest creation, the Model 3, at an event on Thursday.
GO Los Angeles father accused of fatally shooting son for being gay.
GO        A Los Angeles prosecutor has accused a    man of killing his son for being gay.
GO How to tell if other people think you’re hot, according to science.
GO      One of the most pressing and mysterious questions for humans, the   beings that we are, is what other people think about us.
GO Merle Haggard, revered country singer of common man anthems, dies at 79.
GO   Merle Haggard, the Grammy   singer whose autobiographical prison songs and populist political anthems, notably “Mama Tried” and “Okie From Muskogee,” made him one of country music’s most formidable and celebrated entertainers, died April 6 at his home in Palo Cedro, Calif.
GO North Carolina’s Republican Party has declared war on itself.
GO        On Tuesday evening, North Carolina’s Republican Party fired off a curious press release to reporters.
GO Navy SEAL who claims shooting Osama bin Laden charged with DUI.
GO      Robert James O’Neill, the former member of SEAL Team 6 who claimed to have shot and killed   leader Osama bin Laden in a 2011 raid, was charged with DUI on Friday in his home town of Butte, Mont.
GO Merle Haggard’s too-good-to-be-true story about Johnny Cash? It really happened..
GO      As tributes to the late Merle Haggard continue to roll in, one anecdote keeps coming up: That time Haggard was an inmate at San Quentin and saw Johnny Cash perform one of his famous prison concerts.
GO Former Vanderbilt football player found guilty of raping a student who had blacked out.
GO           A former football player at Vanderbilt University was found guilty Friday night of raping an unconscious student in a dorm room, an attack that was photographed and videotaped by teammates, according to testimony.
GO What to do when your home-renovation dream turns into a nightmare.
GO       Every renovation project is inherently optimistic, because homeowners start out with a plan to improve their home with visions of glorious new living spaces or at least a shiny updated bathroom galvanizing them to power through the less pleasant side of home improvement projects.
GO No political influence in Clinton email probe, Obama says.
GO        President Obama insisted Sunday that there will be no White House or political influence on the FBI or the Justice Department as they look into the security of the private email system Hillary Clinton used for government work when she was secretary of state.
GO Navy officer accused of passing secrets faces espionage and prostitution charges.
GO      A   Navy officer who became a naturalized U. S. citizen faces charges of espionage, attempted espionage and prostitution in a highly secretive case in which he is accused of providing classified information to China and Taiwan, U. S. officials said.
GO Manny Pacquiao says he’ll retire, but leaves a little wiggle room.
GO      After his victory Saturday night over Timothy Bradley, Manny Pacquiao said he is going to retire, but he admitted that he wanted to “think about it.
GO ‘Godzilla’ El Niño is dead.
GO      It was going to be an El Niño to end all El Niños.
GO Former ABA presidents push for Supreme Court action as Garland meets with Grassley.
GO      President Obama’s push to get Merrick B. Garland confirmed to the Supreme Court has won a boost from 15 former presidents of the American Bar Association, who called on Senate leaders in a Monday letter to take action on Garland’s nomination.
GO Colombia child soldiers reluctant to leave FARC ’family’ - rebel commander.
GO BOGOTA (Thomson Reuters Foundation)   The release of scores of child soldiers from Colombia’s FARC rebel group is a top priority, but some are reluctant to leave because they fear an uncertain future away from the insurgents they view as family, a guerrilla commander said.
GO Seventy-five percent of internet use in 2017 will be mobile: report.
GO    percent of internet use will be mobile in 2017, up slightly from this year, as a growing number of consumers around the world access the web on smartphones and tablets, media buying agency Zenith forecast this week.
GO Old enemies set to elect Aoun as Lebanon’s president.
GO    years after being forced from Lebanon’s presidential palace and into exile by the Syrian army, Michel Aoun is set to be elected head of state on Monday, backed by many of his old enemies.
GO Czech human-trafficking gang members sentenced to jail in Britain.
GO LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation)   Five members of a gang that trafficked people from eastern Europe to Britain and forced them to live in inhumane conditions while working to pay off fictional debts were sentenced by a British court on Monday.
GO Blackstone to buy TeamHealth for $6.1 billion.
GO TeamHealth has been the target of activist investor Jana Partners LLC since February, when the hedge fund disclosed an 8 percent stake in the company.
GO Commentary: Yes, broken voter ID laws will affect the 2016 election.
GO As the poll numbers tighten, both nationally and in key battleground states, Donald Trump has   that without voter ID laws, Democrats will flood the polls with people ready to “ .
GO Wal-Mart Pay in talks with several mobile wallet companies.
GO    Stores Inc ( ) is in talks with several mobile wallet companies to offer more payment options in its   Pay app, an executive at the world’s largest retailer said, after signing up JPMorgan Chase & Co ( ) last week.
GO Christian music banned on school bus.
GO The school district recently directed a bus driver to refrain from playing a Christian radio station while transporting children, television station KFSM first reported.
GO Attack on Shiite shrine in Kabul kills at least 14.
GO Another 26 people were wounded in the attack on Sakhi Shrine in the city’s western suburbs, the largest such shrine in Kabul, Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said.
GO Fox News Poll: Clinton tops Trump by 6 points.
GO She has a   lead over Trump,   percent, in a new Fox News Poll of likely voters.
GO Watch a baby elephant ’rescue’ a man in a river.
GO Darrick Thompson,   of the Save Elephant Foundation, was going for a dip in a river, and Kham Lha, one of the foundation’s rescued baby elephants, was standing on the shore.
GO 1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from records sent to State, FBI files show.
GO Additional documents obtained through a federal lawsuit by Judicial Watch show Clinton had directed Petraeus to send her emails at her personal address, which was used for all government work during her tenure as secretary of state.
GO ’HANNITY’: Trump says media ’poison the voters’ by publishing allegations.
GO WATCH: TRUMP SAYS MEDIA ’POISON THE VOTERS’ ”Just so you understand, all that stuff it was fabricated, made up, never happened,” Trump told Fox News’ Sean Hannity on ’Hannity’.
GO Trump: ’We should cancel the election’.
GO ”Just thinking to myself right now, we should cancel the election and just give it to Trump,” the real estate mogul said in Toledo, where he held one of a series of rallies in the battleground state.
GO Michael Jordan Speaks Up About Police Violence.
GO    Michael Jordan, NBA    and reluctant role model, has ended his   reluctance to speak about anything political by weighing in on racial relations and police brutality.
GO Will the UK lose Gibraltar?.
GO Visitors to Gibraltar, a tiny British territory that still boasts red phone boxes and greasy    shops, might feel bemused by the recent fuss over its future.
GO Gilbert Baker, inventor of gay rights rainbow flag, dies aged 65.
GO Gilbert Baker, a San   activist and artist best known for creating the rainbow flag representing gay rights, has died at the age of 65.
GO Undocumented Texas woman arrested while seeking domestic violence help.
GO Immigrant advocates and local law enforcers expressed fears on Thursday that the arrest of an undocumented woman at a Texas courthouse as she sought protection from domestic violence would discourage others from asking for help.
GO Egyptian court jails 56 people over boat disaster that killed 200.
GO A court in Egypt has sentenced 56 people to prison terms of up to 14 years over a boat that capsized last year, killing more than 200 onboard.
GO Hot or not? The ’science’ behind dating attractive men and women.
GO In an incredibly moving piece published in the New York Post on Wednesday, a successful executive described why he won’t date hot women any more.
GO ‘The war after Isis’: has Trump opened the door to conflict with Iran?.
GO US forces have opened fire on   forces in Syria three times in the past month, amid mounting tensions that observers and former officials worry could easily turn into an unplanned, spiralling conflict.
GO Pay to sway: report reveals how easy it is to manipulate elections with fake news.
GO Political campaigns can manipulate elections by spending as little as $400, 000 on fake news and propaganda, according to a new report that analyzes the costs of swaying public opinion through the spread of misinformation online.
GO Alex Jones retracts false stories about Chobani in defamation settlement.
GO Rightwing radio host and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones said Wednesday that he had retracted previous stories and tweets about Chobani and regretted them, settling a defamation lawsuit brought by the yoghurt giant.
GO Ed Sheeran: ‘I got hammered and cracked Justin Bieber in the face with a golf club’.
GO In the private dining room of a central London hotel, Ed Sheeran is telling me about the time he smashed Justin Bieber in the face with a golf club.
GO Jon Hamm: ‘Therapy is like going to the dentist’.
GO Jon Hamm and I are at lunch to discuss his latest movie, Baby Driver, from the director Edgar Wright.
GO White House accused of blocking information on bank’s Trump-Russia links.
GO The White House has been accused of withholding information from Congress about whether Donald Trump or any of his campaign affiliates have ever received loans from a bank in Cyprus that is partly owned by a close ally of Russian president Vladimir Putin.
GO Floyd Mayweather-Conor McGregor fight agreed for 26 August.
GO The   fight between UFC star Conor McGregor and the former   boxing champion Floyd Mayweather is set for 26 August at   Arena in Las Vegas.
GO The week in patriarchy: as the Russia story explodes, women’s rights continue to be rolled back.
GO I know it’s hard to think about anything outside of Trump and Russia these days, but while we’re all refreshing Twitter every two minutes, women’s rights are being rolled back across the country.
GO Media and intelligence agencies attacked by Trump over Russia claims.
GO Donald Trump unleashed a firestorm of invective against “shameful” news outlets and the “disgraceful” behaviour of the intelligence agencies, in a feisty press conference as he attempted to demolish salacious allegations concerning his dealings in Russia.
GO Gareth Bale staying put at Real Madrid despite Manchester United speculation.
GO Gareth Bale has insisted that he has no intention of leaving Real Madrid this summer amid speculation that Manchester United may attempt to sign the Wales international for a fee of more than £100m.
GO Amber Heard sues London Fields producer over body-double sex scenes.
GO Amber Heard has filed a lawsuit against the producers of the troubled film adaptation of Martin Amis’s London Fields, over the recording of an “explicit pornographic sex scene” involving the actor’s body double.
GO John Brennan: Trump’s ’Nazi Germany’ tweet to US agencies was ’outrageous’.
GO Departing CIA director John Brennan criticized Donald Trump on Sunday for his approach to national security, saying the   should not be carelessly “talking and tweeting” without understanding Russia’s threat to the US.
GO Scotland will emerge stronger from Brexit, says David Mundell.
GO David Mundell, the Scotland secretary, has insisted the Scottish parliament will emerge stronger from Brexit after a chorus of attacks on Theresa May’s   speech.
GO French Open 2017: Simona Halep and Jelena Ostapenko set up surprise final.
GO Romania’s Simona Halep will take on the unseeded Jelena Ostapenko for the French Open title after two outstanding   here on Thursday which showcased some of the best   and athleticism the game has to offer.
GO George Michael laid to rest in Highgate cemetery in London.
GO George Michael’s funeral took place in London on Wednesday, when he was buried near his mother, Lesley, in Highgate cemetery in north London.
GO Boris Johnson to meet Steve Bannon in White House visit.
GO Boris Johnson will meet key White House figures including Donald Trump’s most powerful aide, Steve Bannon, during a trip to the US this week, the Guardian understands.
GO Supreme court rules Bush officials cannot be sued over 9/11 detentions.
GO The supreme court on Monday handed a victory to George W Bush’s attorney general, FBI chief and other officials, ruling they cannot be sued over the treatment of detainees, mainly Muslims, who were rounded up in New York after the September 11 attacks.
GO Guys, there is one Donald Trump, there is one speech.
GO As a man mesmerised by his own television persona, Donald Trump couldn’t stop himself staring directly down the lens of the camera poised to capture him just before he emerged on to the steps of the Capitol to be sworn in as the 45th president of the United States.
GO George Clooney sells his tequila company for up to $1bn.
GO A tequila company   by George Clooney has been sold to UK drinks firm Diageo for up to $1bn (£790m).
GO Jewish community center threats: man arrested in alleged cyberstalking plot.
GO A man officials accused of waging a cyberstalking campaign against his   has been arrested by the FBI in St Louis for allegedly calling in bomb threats to several Jewish community centers (JCCs).
GO Free speech is at the core of the left-right divide. But what are we fighting over?.
GO Jeremy Christian, the suspect in the murders of two men in Portland, yelled remarks about “free speech” as he entered the courtroom where he was being arraigned last week.
GO Dylann Roof tells jury ’there’s nothing wrong with me psychologically’.
GO Convicted Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof spoke to the jury for the first time at his death penalty trial on Wednesday, telling them that there was nothing wrong with him psychologically and that he was not trying to keep any secrets from them.
GO Iran’s president heckled at rally after criticism by supreme leader.
GO Iran’s president, Hassan Rouhani, has been heckled during an annual   rally in Tehran, a week after he was criticised by the supreme leader, as a power struggle between the two appeared to escalate.
GO May: I’ll rip up human rights laws that impede new terror legislation.
GO Theresa May has declared she is prepared to rip up human rights laws to impose new restrictions on terror suspects, as she sought to gain control over the security agenda just 36 hours before the polls open.
GO North Korea faces ’overwhelming’ US response if it uses nuclear arms – Mattis.
GO Donald Trump’s defence secretary has warned North Korea it would face an “effective and overwhelming” response from the US if it used nuclear weapons.
GO Arsène Wenger: I did not give any indication about my Arsenal future.
GO Arsène Wenger has insisted he “did not give any indication” about his Arsenal future to Ian Wright and, although the manager did admit to having had a private dinner with his former player and two or three others, he said he is not ready to walk away at the end of the season after over 20 years in charge.
GO Pescara’s Sulley Muntari banned for one match after reporting racist abuse.
GO The Pescara midfielder Sulley Muntari has been banned for one match after walking off the pitch at Cagliari on Sunday following racist abuse from the home crowd.
GO Ousted South Korea president Park Geun-hye jailed over corruption allegations.
GO South Korea’s disgraced former president Park   has been arrested and jailed over   corruption allegations that already ended her tumultuous   rule and prompted an election to find her successor.
GO Usain Bolt stripped of 2008 Olympic relay gold after Nesta Carter fails drug test.
GO Usain Bolt has been stripped of one of his nine Olympic gold medals following confirmation that his 4x100m relay   Nesta Carter took a banned substance at the Beijing Olympics.
GO Cleveland police officer who shot Tamir Rice fired, but not for shooting.
GO The city of Cleveland has fired one police officer and suspended a second involved in the shooting of    Tamir Rice.
GO Theresa May calls for general election to secure Brexit mandate.
GO Theresa May has stunned Westminster by demanding a snap general election on 8 June that she hopes will turn her party’s clear lead in the opinion polls into a healthy parliamentary majority and secure her Conservative vision for Brexit.
GO United Airlines defends gate decision to bar girls wearing leggings from flight.
GO United Airlines on Sunday defended a gate agent’s decision to bar two young girls from a flight because they were wearing leggings, a decision that drew a wave of   criticism and customer threats to end business with the airline.
GO Helmut Kohl, Germany’s reunification chancellor, dies aged 87.
GO Helmut Kohl, the chancellor who presided over both German reunification and the creation of the eurozone, has died aged 87.
GO Trump golf resort and Scottish planners clash over the environment.
GO The Trump Organization is facing a new battle with Scottish planners and conservationists over the protection of rare dunes and wildlife at its Aberdeenshire golf resort.
GO Trump budget plan could add $6tn to public debt in a decade, analysts say.
GO Donald Trump’s   and spending plans could add another $6tn to the US public debt over the next 10 years, independent budget analysts have calculated, as the Congressional Budget Office warned the US’s current spending plans alone could trigger a financial crisis.
GO Deported gay Afghans told to ‘pretend to be straight’.
GO Gay Afghans can be deported to their home country, where homosexuality is illegal and “wholly taboo” and they must pretend to be straight, under new British government guidelines for handling asylum applications.
GO Uber president quits firm saying its values are ’inconsistent’ with his.
GO Uber president Jeff Jones left the   firm after just six months in the job because working at Uber was incompatible with his values, he said.
GO Robert Downey Jr to play Doctor Dolittle.
GO Robert Downey Jr is set to play Doctor Dolittle in a new film based on the Hugh Lofting character.
GO Islamic State claims responsibility for terror attack on London – as it happened.
GO Rolling coverage continues on our new live blog: A detachment of Islamic State fighters executed yesterday’s London attack.
GO Bill Gates warns tens of millions could be killed by bio-terrorism.
GO A chilling warning that tens of millions of people could be killed by   was delivered at the Munich security conference by the world’s richest man, Bill Gates, Gates, who has spent much of the last 20 years funding a global health campaign, said: “We ignore the link between health security and international security at our peril.
GO Stockholm attack suspect Rakhmat Akilov admits terrorist crime.
GO The main suspect in the truck attack in Stockholm that killed four and injured 15 has admitted committing a terrorist crime, his lawyer has said.
GO Bill Cosby trial: jury begins deliberations in sexual assault case.
GO The jury at Bill Cosby’s trial began deliberating Monday over whether he drugged and molested a woman more than a decade ago in a case that has already helped demolish the    comedian’s   image.
GO Russian YouTuber convicted for playing Pokémon Go in church.
GO A Russian YouTuber who filmed himself playing Pokémon Go in a church has been convicted for “inciting religious hatred”.
GO Flint water crisis: five officials charged with involuntary manslaughter.
GO Five Michigan officials, including the head of the state health department, have been charged with involuntary manslaughter in connection with the crisis over lead poisoning in drinking water in Flint.
GO Senate healthcare bill would cut insurance for 22 million Americans, CBO says.
GO   million Americans will lose health insurance coverage over the next 10 years under the draft Senate healthcare bill, according to the   Congressional Budget Office (CBO).
GO House Republicans plan Thursday vote on bill to repeal and replace Obamacare.
GO House Republicans are planning to hold a vote on Thursday on a controversial plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, expressing confidence that they had the votes to pass it.
GO Theresa May to confirm UK exit from EU single market.
GO Theresa May is expected to use the most important speech of her premiership to confirm that Britain will be leaving the single market while insisting that it wants to remain “the best friend” to European partners.
GO Michael Caine: ’I voted Brexit. It was about freedom, not immigrants’.
GO Michael Caine has revealed his reasons for voting for Brexit, saying that the British public voted for “freedom” rather than as a result of racism or anxiety over immigration.
GO Tom Hardy’s casting as Venom is a masterstroke for Sony’s superhero universe.
GO How are we supposed to take the news that Tom Hardy has been hired to play Eddie Brock, AKA the comic book antihero Venom, in a forthcoming superhero adventure for studio Sony, once and future custodian of   on the big screen?
GO Emmanuel Macron: the French outsider who would be president.
GO At a stadium rally in Lyon, Emmanuel Macron, the maverick centrist outsider who has become a leading contender in the French presidential race, lowered his normally fervent tone and looked earnestly out at the crowd.
GO Devin Nunes steps aside from House intelligence committee’s Russia inquiry.
GO Devin Nunes, Donald Trump’s chief ally on the congressional committees investigating the president’s connections to Russia, has stepped aside from the inquiry, as he faces his own ethics investigation.
GO Amal Clooney calls for collection of evidence of Isis atrocities.
GO Evidence of Islamic State atrocities needs to be collected urgently to ensure it is not lost and that those responsible for “the worst crimes of our generation” eventually face justice, the human rights barrister Amal Clooney has said.
GO Is it safer to use an app or a browser for banking?.
GO Why should I use a banking app instead of logging into my bank accounts with the relevant passwords via Windows 10 and Edge?
GO Republican candidate charged with assault after ’body-slamming’ Guardian reporter.
GO The Republican candidate for Montana’s congressional seat has been charged with misdemeanor assault after he is alleged to have slammed a Guardian reporter to the floor on the eve of the state’s special election, breaking his glasses and shouting: “Get the hell out of here.
GO Nigel Farage to become commentator on Rupert Murdoch’s Fox News.
GO Nigel Farage’s love affair with Donald Trump’s America has taken another leap forward with news the former Ukip leader is to become a commentator on Fox News.
GO City halls and landmarks turn green in support of Paris climate deal.
GO Landmarks in cities across the world have been lit up green in support of the Paris climate accord after Donald Trump’s announcement on Thursday that the US would withdraw from the agreement.
GO Zlatan Ibrahimovic to leave Manchester United after club decide against deal.
GO Manchester United will not offer Zlatan Ibrahimovic a new deal when his current contract expires at the end of the month.
GO How the humble town hall became a battle arena for the Trump resistance.
GO In more than 300 cities and towns in 49 US states this week, citizens unhappy with the Trump administration flooded to congressional town halls and activist meetups billed as “resistance recess”.
GO The Republicans who care about climate change: ’They are done with the denial’.
GO The failure of American politics to deal with, or even coherently discuss, climate change was perhaps best illustrated when James Inhofe, a Republican from Oklahoma, took to the floor of the US Senate in February 2015 with a Ziploc bag and a mischievous grin.
GO From Elle to Game of Thrones, why is culture obsessed with rape?.
GO There has never been any shortage of women getting raped in popular culture, but it seems to have reached a peak recently, from Broadchurch to Game of Thrones.
GO Angry protests erupt across Mexico after 20% hike in gasoline prices.
GO Demonstrators have blockaded highways, looted shops and forced service stations across Mexico to close in a wave of angry protest triggered by a hike of more than 20% in the   price of gasoline.
GO Trump-Mexico relations hit new low after 20% border wall tax mooted.
GO Relations between the US and Mexico appeared to be heading for crisis on Thursday after Enrique Peña Nieto cancelled a meeting with Donald Trump and the White House retaliated by suggesting a new 20% tax on imports from its southern neighbour to finance the construction of a border wall.
GO Foo Fighters confirmed as Glastonbury 2017 headliners.
GO Foo Fighters have been confirmed as the second headliners of Glastonbury 2017.
GO Mother of four deported to Mexico as lawyer decries Trump’s ’heartless policy’.
GO Maribel Trujillo, a mother of four American children from Fairfield, Ohio, who has never committed any crime in the 15 years she has lived in the US, has been deported to Mexico in the latest sign that the Trump administration is indiscriminately targeting undocumented immigrants.
GO Fearing deportation, undocumented immigrants wary of reporting crimes.
GO Evidence is mounting that undocumented immigrants are increasingly wary of reporting crimes or testifying in court, for fear that they could be detained and deported, according to law enforcement officials and advocates.
GO Senate Republicans forced to delay vote on healthcare bill due to lack of support.
GO The Republican party’s   crusade to repeal the Affordable Care Act (ACA) is on the verge of collapse, after Senate leaders were forced to delay a vote on a healthcare bill that according to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) would leave an estimated 22 million more people without health insurance by 2026.
GO The biggest environmental battles facing the Trump administration.
GO Donald Trump is likely to face unprecedented opposition from environmental groups during his presidency as activists prepare to battle the new administration on a number of fronts across the US.
GO Manchester City’s Monaco failure should put Pep Guardiola on defensive.
GO Pep Guardiola was hired to win the Champions League for Manchester City and on Wednesday night they crashed out in the last 16 at the hands of Monaco.
GO Former Guantánamo Bay inmate was killed in US airstrike in Yemen.
GO A former Guantánamo Bay inmate was killed in a US airstrike in Yemen last week, as part of a   campaign against   in the Arabian peninsula, the Pentagon has announced.
GO Former President George HW Bush and wife Barbara hospitalized in Texas.
GO George HW Bush has been admitted to an intensive care unit and his wife, Barbara, was hospitalized as a precaution, according to his spokesman.
GO Vietnamese blogger jailed for 10 years for ’defaming’ regime.
GO A prominent Vietnamese blogger has been sentenced to 10 years in prison after being found guilty of distorting government policies and defaming the communist regime in Facebook posts and in interviews with foreign media, her lawyer said.
GO New York Jets’ Darrelle Revis faces assault and robbery charges.
GO New York Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis faces five pending charges, including two counts of aggravated assault, after allegedly being involved in a fight with two men last weekend.
GO Ariana Grande to be joined by Justin Bieber for Manchester benefit gig.
GO Ariana Grande is to perform a benefit concert for victims of the Manchester bombing on Sunday, with a stellar   including Justin Bieber, Coldplay, Katy Perry and Miley Cyrus.
GO Elon Musk wants to connect brains to computers with new company.
GO Tesla and SpaceX founder Elon Musk is launching a new company called Neuralink with the intention of connecting computers directly to human brains, according to a report.
GO Could Britain have sold sarin chemicals to Assad’s regime?.
GO Evidence that the sarin nerve agent was used in the chemical attack that killed more than 80 and injured hundreds of others in Syria’s northern province of Idlib last week has triggered awkward questions for the government over the part played by the UK in the Assad regime’s development of a chemical weapons programme.
GO Struggle for control of Libya’s oil threatens to deepen conflicts.
GO A power struggle for control of Libya’s oil is threatening to deepen splits in the country and undermine the fragile authority of the   Libyan Government of National Accord, the GNA.
GO House Republicans pass healthcare bill in first step toward replacing Obamacare.
GO House Republicans narrowly approved a controversial plan to dismantle the Affordable Care Act on Thursday, taking a significant first step toward fulfilling a   promise to repeal and replace the 2010 law that served as a landmark overhaul of the US healthcare system.
GO Receding glacier causes immense Canadian river to vanish in four days.
GO An immense river that flowed from one of Canada’s largest glaciers vanished over the course of four days last year, scientists have reported, in an unsettling illustration of how global warming dramatically changes the world’s geography.
GO Popularity of sushi has brought rise in parasitic infections, warn doctors.
GO From nigiri to temaki, sushi has boomed in popularity in the west, but now doctors are warning of a less appetising trend: a rise in parasitic infections.
GO Former MI6 agent behind Trump dossier returns to work.
GO The former MI6 agent behind the controversial Trump dossier has returned to work, nearly two months after its publication caused an international scandal and furious denials from Washington and Moscow.
GO Cards Against Humanity creator to bombard senator’s office with potatoes.
GO A   of the party game Cards Against Humanity is planning to bombard the office of US senator Ron Johnson with potatoes, after the Wisconsin Republican sent a “cease and desist” letter to a local constituent.
GO Milo Yiannopoulos resigns from Breitbart News over pedophilia remarks.
GO Rightwing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos has resigned from Breitbart News, a day after he was dropped by his publisher and lost a speaking engagement at a conservative conference, over comments he made that appeared to endorse sex between “younger boys” and older men.
GO ‘Nuclear football’ photo taken at Trump’s golf resort puts the Pentagon in an awkward position.
GO          It’s unlikely that an Army officer posing for a photograph with a patron at President Trump’s    golf resort while apparently carrying the “nuclear football” broke any Defense Department regulations, Defense officials said, but doing so has put the Pentagon in an awkward situation.
GO One newspaper in Colorado is standing up to charges of ‘fake news’.
GO      A Colorado newspaper is threatening to file a libel suit against a state lawmaker who accused the publication of printing “fake news,” setting the stage for a possible legal battle that could test the definition of the most overused phrase in   politics.
GO Did President Trump’s news conference help or hurt him?.
GO   Editor’s note: On Thursday, President Trump held a news conference in which he “aired his grievances against the news media, the intelligence community and his detractors.
GO Trump plans to talk Sunday with at least four possible national security adviser replacements.
GO      President Trump plans to speak Sunday with at least four candidates to be his next national security adviser, a spokesman said, signaling a desire to swiftly replace the ousted Michael Flynn.
GO Norma McCorvey, Jane Roe of Roe v. Wade decision legalizing abortion nationwide, dies at 69.
GO            Norma McCorvey, who was 22, unwed, mired in addiction and poverty, and desperate for a way out of an unwanted pregnancy when she became Jane Roe, the pseudonymous plaintiff in the 1973 U. S. Supreme Court decision that established a constitutional right to an abortion, died Feb. 18 at an   facility in Katy, Tex.
GO Michael Flynn has absolutely nothing to fear from the Logan Act.
GO          When news broke that Michael Flynn, President Trump’s   national security adviser, had discussed U. S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador before Trump was sworn in, the Logan Act was the federal statute of the moment.
GO Lincoln, Washington and Roosevelts remain history’s best presidents in survey.
GO    Abraham Lincoln, George Washington and the two Roosevelts, Franklin and Theodore, have kept their lock on their positions as, respectively, the four best presidents in American history, according to a new ranking by 91 presidential historians.
GO How to make a family room comfortable for toddlers and grown-ups.
GO       THE CHALLENGE Kristen and Joseph Llobrera recently moved into a home in Rockville and are struggling to make the     family room work for themselves and their young daughter.
GO Do they have too many things in common?.
GO         Interviews by Michele Langevine Leiby Two strangers find out they have so many things in common, it’s “creepy.
GO Fox News anchor Chris Wallace warns viewers: Trump crossed the line in latest attack on media.
GO    Fox News anchor Chris Wallace cautioned his colleagues and the network’s viewers Sunday that President Trump’s latest attack on the media had gone too far.
GO Fact-checking President Trump’s rally in Florida.
GO          President Trump’s speech at a   rally in Melbourne, Fla. was filled with a number of dubious claims.
GO Milo Yiannopoulos loses his book deal with Simon & Schuster amid growing outcry.
GO      Publisher Simon & Schuster announced Monday it cancelled Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos’s book deal, the latest development in the growing backlash over resurfaced videos of the   provocateur criticizing    laws.
GO Trump, a frequent critic of Obama’s golfing, played 18 holes Sunday with Rory McIlroy.
GO      President Trump, who pledged as a candidate to limit his golfing to when it was also conducive to conducting business, played a full round Sunday with Rory McIlroy, one of the best players in the world, a spokeswoman said Monday.
GO What the melting of Greenland looks like.
GO      Photographer Timo Lieber’s new photo series, “Thaw,” captures one of the most startling and visible ways we can witness the melting of Greenland’s ice sheet.
GO GOP senator says she’s open to demanding Trump’s tax returns as part of Russia probe.
GO      A Republican member of the Senate Intelligence Committee says she is open to requesting President Trump’s tax returns as part of the panel’s ongoing investigation into Russia’s alleged meddling in the 2016 elections.
GO Most Dakota pipeline demonstrators leave protest camp ahead of deadline; a few dozen face arrest.
GO          Months after a protest of the Dakota Access oil pipeline swelled into a movement that drew thousands of people and national attention, most of the demonstrators left the protest camp ahead of deadline Wednesday, leaving a few dozens to face possible arrest.
GO Mildred Dresselhaus, physicist dubbed ‘queen of carbon science,’ dies at 86.
GO     Mildred Dresselhaus, who grew up in a rough New York neighborhood, became one of America’s foremost physicists and worked to encourage other women to enter such seemingly daunting occupations, died Feb. 20 at a hospital in Cambridge, Mass.
GO Kellyanne Conway: Feminism associated with being ‘anti-male’ and ‘pro-abortion’.
GO          Kellyanne Conway, the first woman to run a successful U. S. presidential campaign, said Thursday that she doesn’t consider herself a feminist “in a classic sense” because the term is associated with being “ ” and “ .
GO Alan Colmes, co-host of ‘Hannity & Colmes’ and liberal in ‘lion’s den’ of Fox News, dies at 66.
GO       Alan Colmes, a   television and radio broadcaster who, as   with conservative Sean Hannity of “Hannity & Colmes,” became best known as the liberal in the “lion’s den” of Fox News, died at a hospital in Manhattan.
GO New satellite images show reinforced Chinese surface-to-air missile sites near disputed islands.
GO      New satellite images show the Chinese military shoring up its defenses on a disputed island chain in the South China Sea, adding what appears to be reinforced launch sites for    missiles on at least three atolls.
GO Republican lawmakers introduce bills to curb protesting in at least 18 states.
GO       Since the election of President Trump, Republican lawmakers in at least 18 states have introduced or voted on legislation to curb mass protests in what civil liberties experts are calling “an attack on protest rights throughout the states.
GO Trump will not attend the White House correspondents’ dinner.
GO      President Trump will not attend the White House Correspondents’ Association dinner, after a campaign and early tenure where he continually battled with the press.
GO Pop this chicken in the oven, and they’ll soon come running.
GO       This is the kind of dish that will drive your family crazy because not 10 minutes after you pop it into the oven, the house fills with the smell of garlic butter.
GO Elon Musk’s SpaceX plans to fly two private citizens around the moon by late next year.
GO          SpaceX said Monday it plans to fly two private citizens on a mission around the moon by late 2018 as part of a lunar journey that would last about a week and travel deeper into space than any human has ventured before.
GO Philadelphia police investigate ‘reprehensible’ toppling of 100 headstones at Jewish cemetery.
GO          Police in Philadelphia are investigating what they call a targeted act of vandalism that toppled more than 100 headstones at a Jewish cemetery in the city, just a week after a similar incident occurred in Missouri.
GO Mattis and McMaster are canaries in Trump’s coal mine.
GO      Like the proverbial canaries in the coal mine, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and national security adviser H. R. McMaster are expected to be early alarms in the event that life in the Trump administration becomes untenable.
GO Graham: Trump slashing of State Dept. and foreign aid funding would be ‘dead on arrival’ in Congress.
GO      If the Trump administration proposes a budget that increases defense spending while drastically cutting funding for the State Department and foreign assistance, Congress will reject it and ensure that American soft power continues to be a national security priority, according to Sen. Lindsey O. Graham ( .
GO Flint residents must start paying for water they still can’t drink without a filter.
GO      Residents in Flint, Mich. are about to start paying the full cost of their water again, even though what’s flowing from their taps has yet to be declared safe to drink without an approved filter.
GO White House rebuffs ethics office recommendation to discipline Kellyanne Conway.
GO      The White House Counsel’s Office has concluded that senior adviser Kellyanne Conway acted “inadvertently” when she endorsed Ivanka Trump’s clothing line, rebuffing a recommendation by the top federal ethics official that she be disciplined for an apparent violation of federal rules.
GO How to hack your Keurig machine and get a better cup of coffee.
GO       To produce the best possible cup from your Keurig machine, you must do something antithetical to the whole     pod culture: You must learn a few basic things about brewing coffee.
GO Former journalist arrested, charged with threats against Jewish facilities.
GO          A former journalist allegedly carried out at least some of the recent bomb threats against Jewish institutions across the country, according to the FBI, which described the menacing calls as part of the man’s campaign to harass a woman.
GO Trump, citing no evidence, accuses Obama of ‘Nixon/Watergate’ plot to wiretap Trump Tower.
GO          President Trump on Saturday angrily accused former president Barack Obama of orchestrating a “ ” plot to tap the phones at his Trump Tower headquarters last fall in the   to the election.
GO Clarence Page: Using Biden’s Past Statements ’The Kind of Silliness That Mitch McConnell Has Been Reduced To Now’ - Breitbart.
GO Chicago Tribune Editorial Board member Clarence Page argued that using Joe Biden’s past statements on Supreme Court appointments is “the kind of silliness that [Senate Majority Leader Sen.] Mitch McConnell ( ) has been reduced to now on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group.
GO Marco Rubio Repeats His Definition of Amnesty on Debate Stage - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Marco Rubio was asked to define the term “amnesty” on stage during the CBS debate, causing him to resort to his old talking points on the Gang of Eight bill.
GO SCOTUS Upholds Gun Ban For Those Convicted Of Domestic Violence - Breitbart.
GO On June 27, the Supreme Court of the United States (SCOTUS) upheld a federal law prohibiting gun possession for those convicted of domestic violence.
GO Donald Trump: Skipping Debate ‘Very Risky But I Think It Turned Out Great’ - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said skipping the Fox News primary debate on Thursday night “was very risky,” but he thinks it “turned out great.
GO Corker: ’There Is Going To Be A Sincere Effort Within The Trump Campaign’ To Unify The Country - Breitbart.
GO Sunday, on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” while commenting on the racial divide in America exasperated by the recent police shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota and a sniper targeting and killing five Dallas police officers, Sen. Bob Corker ( ) said “I think there is going to be a sincere effort within the Trump campaign,” to unify the country.
GO Bradley Cooper, Will Ferrell, 98 Other Celebs Thank Obama for Gun Control.
GO Actors Bradley Cooper, Will Ferrell, and 98 other celebrities sent President Obama a thank you letter for his executive action on gun control.
GO Comedian Sacha Baron Cohen Suggests Trump will Choose Bill Cosby for V.P. - Breitbart.
GO British satirist and comedian Sacha Baron Cohen accused Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump of engaging in “racial hatred” and predicted the frontrunner would choose comedian Bill Cosby as his running mate during a mock endorsement.
GO Alex Marlow: Trump Can’t Talk About His Penis Size If He Wants To Be President - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” in responding to claims Breitbart has had only positive coverage of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, Breitbart News Network editor Alexander Marlow said he has no problem criticizing Trump and gave the example that Trump, “can’t talk about his penis size if he wants to be the next president of the United States.
GO Farrakhan: The System of Justice in America Should All Be ’Destroyed’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday, Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan posted a video on his Facebook page from “The Cliff Kelley Show” on WVON from Dec. 12, 2015, in which he said “the system of justice in America should all be destroyed.
GO Ben Stein: ’Terrifying’ But I’m Not Even Sure Hillary Can Beat ’Disaster’ Trump - Breitbart.
GO Monday on CNN’s “Newsroom,” while discussing a protest at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s rally in Virginia today, former speechwriter Nixon and Ford speechwriter, actor and author Ben Stein said while Trump is “not racist,” he is a “cult figure” that is “terrifying” and “will be a disaster.
GO Salon: Pope Francis ‘Not So Cool After All’ After Slamming Gender Ideology - Breitbart.
GO The liberal flagship Salon magazine has decided it doesn’t like Pope Francis anymore, ever since the pontiff came down hard against indoctrinating children in gender theory.
GO Bill Cosby Stepped Up for Hillary Clinton - Breitbart.
GO In the final days of the 2000 Senate race, Bill Cosby appeared with Hillary Clinton at an election eve rally in Buffalo, a working class town where a lot of the locals thought Hillary was kind of phony.
GO Hillary Clinton To Pennsylvania Hunters: ’We Can’t Ignore The 2nd Amendment’ - Breitbart.
GO On April 22 Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton spoke to a Pennsylvania audience known for ties to hunting and shooting sports and said, “We can’t ignore the Second Amendment.
GO Breitbart’s Aaron Klein: Stabbings Are ‘The New Normal’ in Israel - Breitbart.
GO Reporting live from Tel Aviv, Breitbart Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter Aaron Klein stated in a radio interview on Wednesday that stabbings have become the “new normal” in Israel.
GO Texas Panhandle City Says ’Enough’ on Middle East Refugees - Breitbart.
GO A city in the Texas Panhandle says “enough already” when it comes to resettling refugees from the Middle East.
GO Kellyanne Conway: Obama, Clinton Should Calm Down Anti-Trump Protesters - Breitbart.
GO Kellyanne Conway,   Donald Trump’s campaign manager, called upon President Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, and other Democratic leaders to calm down their supporters who are protesting Trump and encourage a peaceful transition of power.
GO Expert: German Men Have Forgotten How To Fight.
GO A respected violence researcher has declared that the Cologne sex attacks show German men have forgotten how to fight, and it’s a good thing.
GO Donald Trump: My Administration ’Will Not Admit Any Refugees Without the Support of the Local Community Where They Are Being Placed’ - Breitbart.
GO “A Trump administration will not admit any refugees without the support of the local community where they are being placed,” Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump told an enthusiastic crowd of more than 5, 000 who greeted him at the Sun Country Airlines hangar of the Minneapolis St. Paul International Airport on Sunday.
GO Andy McCarthy: Trump Playing GOP Voters For ‘Chumps,’ Because ‘He Is Exactly What We’ve Been Fighting All This Time’ - Breitbart.
GO Andy McCarthy, senior fellow at National Review and former Assistant U. S. Attorney, joined SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon on Monday’s Breitbart News Daily to make his case that Donald Trump is playing Republican primary voters for “chumps,” because “he is the Establishment” he claims to be running against.
GO Campus Carry Passes in Alaska Senate Committee - Breitbart.
GO Campus carry legislation passed out of Alaska’s Senate judiciary committee March 7 and is next expected to be taken up by the Senate’s finance committee.
GO Watch: Four-Year-Old Gets Thrown Off a Bridge Into River - Breitbart.
GO Per a Fox 32 report,    boy was thrown off a Washington state bridge into a river, and the boy’s mother and an accomplice are now facing possible charges.
GO Chicago: 51 Wounded, Seven Killed During Hot, Humid Weekend - Breitbart.
GO High temperatures helped raise the number of weekend casualties in Chicago up to 51 wounded and seven killed, topping the number from the same weekend in both 2015 and 2014.
GO Bernie on Hillary: ’I Do Question Her Judgment’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday at the CNN Democratic presidential debate in Brooklyn, NY, Democratic presidential hopeful Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) squared off against his opponent Democratic   Hillary Clinton and questioned her judgement on the grounds of foreign policy, trade and campaign finance.
GO Watch Live: Trump in Waukesha, WI - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday in Waukesha, WI at the Waukesha County Expo Center, GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump will host a rally at 7:00 p. m. ET.
GO Trump Slams Google: ’Disgrace’ If They Changed Results To Favor Clinton - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump has responded to SourceFed’s allegation that Google manipulated its search recommendations to avoid directing users to negative results about Hillary Clinton.
GO EXCLUSIVE-Steve King Would Consider Secretary of Homeland Security Position - Breitbart.
GO Rep. Steve King ( ) tells Breitbart News he would consider a position as Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security.
GO Poll: 78 Percent in Philippines Fear Getting Killed in Drug War 85 Percent Approve Anyway.
GO A national survey in the Philippines found that nearly 80 percent of citizens fear being killed as part of President Rodrigo Duterte’s crackdown on drug criminals, but nearly the same amount, 85 percent, approve of the drug war nonetheless.
GO ’Mujahid’ Remain Campaigner Calls For Breitbart Editor Kassam To Be ’Attacked’.
GO In the spirit of kindler, gentler politics, Breitbart Editor in Chief was yesterday threatened on social media by a Remain campaigner who called for Kassam to be ‘attacked’.
GO Milo &amp Ann To Hold Joint Book Signing Event At GOP Convention In Cleveland - Breitbart.
GO Conservative author and commentator Ann Coulter will hold a joint   event with Breitbart senior editor Milo Yiannopoulos, also known as “The Dangerous Faggot” at the Republican convention in Cleveland next week.
GO Men’s Rights Facebook Page A Voice For Men Removed On Day Of Annual Conference - Breitbart.
GO Speaking to a crowd at the International Conference on Men’s Issues in the ExCel Centre in London, Paul Elam revealed that the Facebook page for “A Voice For Men,” one of the organising groups for the event, has been unpublished by the social network on the second day of the conference.
GO Hannity: Perceptions of Lewandowski-Fields Incident Based on Who People Support - Incident Is ’Nothing’ - Breitbart.
GO Talk radio host Sean Hannity argued that perceptions of the incident between Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and   reporter Michelle Fields “are based on who they support for the nomination” and that the incident was “nothing” on Wednesday.
GO Morell: I Would Trust Hillary ’with the Crown Jewels of the United States Government’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing his   that denounced Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and endorsed Hillary Clinton, former director of the CIA Mike Morell said he would trust Clinton with “the crown jewels” of the U. S. government.
GO South Carolina House Passes Bill Excluding Sharia Law From State Courts - Breitbart.
GO The South Carolina House has passed a bill blocking Islamic sharia law from being recognized or approved in the state, after years of debate over similar legislation.
GO Report: Gun Control Not Resonating with SC Democrat Primary Voters - Breitbart.
GO Although Democrat presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are pushing for more gun control in the   to this Saturday’s South Carolina primary, a newspaper report indicates gun control is simply not resonating with the state’s Democrat primary voters.
GO Cologne New Year’s Eve Sex Attacks: Migrant Perpetrators Planned In Advance.
GO The Parliamentary investigation into the Cologne New Year’s Eve sex attacks which saw over 1, 000 criminal complaints made against predominantly newly arrived migrant males has found the event was not spontaneous but arranged between the perpetrators.
GO North Dakota Resettlement Agency Caught in Apparent Lie as County Confirms Four Refugees with Active TB - Breitbart.
GO Dr. John Baird, Health Officer for the Fargo Cass Public Health Department in North Dakota, confirms to Breitbart News that the agency, which serves all of Cass County, has diagnosed and treated four refugees with active tuberculosis (TB) between 2012 and 2015.
GO Former Navy SEAL Tej Gill Explains ’Hillary Clinton Killed My Friends’ T-shirts - Breitbart.
GO Tej Gill, a former Warfare Operator of the United States Naval Special Warfare Group who served as a Navy SEAL for 10 years with SEAL Team 5, spoke exclusively with Breitbart News about his organization Project War Path and its latest campaign, “Hillary Clinton Killed My Friends.
GO Breitbart News Daily: What to Expect in 2017 - Breitbart.
GO On the Friday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart Washington Political Editor Matthew Boyle will continue our analysis of the election of   Donald Trump, the progress of his transition team, and his policy vision.
GO Shock Study: Plants Can Adapt To Global Warming....
GO A study in Nature has confirmed what to many    is probably blindingly obvious: far from being traumatised by global warming, plants simply adapt to it.
GO Ted Cruz Announces 23,000 Member ’Women For Cruz Coalition’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) announced the creation of “Women For Cruz,” a coalition of 23, 000 members.
GO WikiLeaks: Hillary Clinton Flattered Obama For His ‘Body Language’ - Breitbart.
GO After President Barack Obama lost both the Senate and the House to Republicans in 2014 midterm elections, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton sent a flattering email to him praising his “body language” during a   press conference.
GO Manafort: ’You Will See A Coming Together’ of Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO Friday on Fox New Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s campaign chief Paul Manafort said the Republican Party is “united,” and “you will see a coming together of both Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump in the course of this campaign.
GO Sally Yates Denies Knowing Who Leaked to Media Concerns She Brought Up to White House - Breitbart.
GO Former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates on Monday denied knowing who leaked to the media former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s classified conversation with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak after she brought it up to the White House counsel.
GO Woodward: I Don’t Think Trump Really Believes the Press Is the Enemy of the People - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” discussing President Donald Trump‘s tweet labeling the press an “enemy” of the American people, Washington Post veteran Bob Woodward said, “I don’t think he really believes that the press is the enemy of the people.
GO Google Bans 200 Publishers Following ’Fake News’ Policy Update - Breitbart.
GO Following the implementation of a policy promising a crackdown on “fake news,” Google has banned as many as 200 publishers from one of their ad networks in just under 2 months.
GO Report: Colin Kaepernick to Stand for National Anthem in 2017 - Breitbart.
GO After refusing to stand for the national anthem in 2016, activist and quarterback Colin Kaepernick now plans to stand in 2017, ESPN’s Adam Schefter reports.
GO Seattle’s Gay Mayor Accused of Sexually Molesting Teens in the 1980s - Breitbart.
GO Seattle Mayor Ed Murray, famed as a staunch gay rights advocate and a champion of progressive causes, has been accused of sexually molesting several teenaged boys 30 years ago, reports have revealed.
GO Newsweek Publishes Robert Reich Conspiracy Theory, Claims Berkeley Rioters Were Paid by Breitbart - Breitbart.
GO Newsweek have published a conspiracy theory written by UC Berkeley’s Professor of Public Policy and former Secretary of Labor, Robert Reich, questioning whether the   rioters at Berkeley last week were paid by Breitbart News.
GO Bolton on Susan Rice Scandal: Obama Needs to Be Asked What He Knew and When He Knew It.
GO On Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily, SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam asked John Bolton about allegations that former National Security Adviser Susan Rice abused intelligence resources to spy on President Obama’s political opponents, including Donald Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign.
GO UC Berkeley Administration Won’t Budge On Security Fees For MILO Event - Breitbart.
GO UC Berkeley’s administration has replied to the recent letter sent to them by Berkeley College Republicans regarding the security fee for Breitbart Senior editor MILO’s event at the university on February 1st.
GO Frank Gaffney: Ryan Should Resign as Speaker Because ‘He’s Simply Not a Reliable Partner for the President’.
GO On Wednesday’s Breitbart News Daily, SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam asked guest Frank Gaffney about a post he wrote on the Center for Security Policy blog, in which he endorsed a call by Jeanine Pirro of Fox News for House Speaker Paul Ryan to resign following the failure of the House Obamacare replacement bill.
GO Crushed Obama Aides React to Trump’s Decision to Withdraw from Paris Agreement.
GO Former aides to former President Barack Obama reacted sorrowfully to the news that President Donald Trump would withdraw from the Paris Climate agreement, sharing their feelings on Twitter.
GO Booker in 2016: ‘I Feel Blessed and Honored’ to Work With Sessions - Breitbart.
GO As Sen. Cory Booker ( ) is set to testify against Sen. Jeff Sessions ( )   Donald Trump’s pick for U. S. Attorney General, at his confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, it wasn’t that long ago that Booker praised Sessions.
GO Report: Huma Abedin ’Working Hard’ to Save Marriage with Anthony Weiner - Breitbart.
GO Former Hillary Clinton operative Huma Abedin is reportedly “working hard” to save her marriage with former Democratic congressman Anthony Weiner, just months after the pair separated as a result of his multiple sexting scandals.
GO Marine Le Pen: Islamism Has Declared War On Our Nation, On Reason, On Civilisation.
GO French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has denounced radical Islam as “a monstrous totalitarian ideology that has declared war on our nation, on reason, on civilisation,” after a deadly Kalashnikov attack on police officers in Paris.
GO Report: Facebook Contributes $120,000 to Funding CPAC - Breitbart.
GO Facebook has reportedly contributed $120, 000 to the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) this week, according to a report by the Daily Beast.
GO Previously Deported Sex Offender Arrested Again.
GO A previously deported illegal immigrant, who is also a convicted sex offender, was arrested in New Jersey by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents.
GO Trump’s Policy Was Always to Get Mexico to Reimburse Us for the Border Wall - Breitbart.
GO When the Trump transition team told Congress that American taxpayers would finance the construction of the border wall with Mexico, with reimbursement to come later from the Mexican government, it was treated as a major policy retreat by the media.
GO VIDEO-Kid Rock Blasts Imported Grills With Shotgun: ’In Your Face, China’ - Breitbart.
GO Kid Rock is celebrating the release of his line of American Badass Grills by catapulting imported grills into the air, shooting them with a shotgun and saying, “In your face, China.
GO 1,565 Refugees Diagnosed with Active TB Since 2012.
GO Between 2012 and 2015, 1, 565 refugees were diagnosed with active tuberculosis (TB) in the United States, according to annual reports published by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC).
GO Porn Star Bitten by Shark During Underwater Shoot.
GO Porn star Molly Cavalli was bitten by a shark while filming a promo ad for a sex cam company.
GO FNC’s Geraldo Rivera: ’I Am Withdrawing My Opposition to the Wall’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “The O’Reilly Factor,” network personality Geraldo Rivera announced he was withdrawing his opposition to a border.
GO McConnell: Senate Action on Healthcare ’Will Not Be Quick, or Simple, or Easy’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday on the Senate floor, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) said the Senate’s work on the healthcare reform bill “will not be quick, or simple, or easy.
GO Madeleine Albright: There Are Tears in the Eyes of the Statue of Liberty - Breitbart.
GO ”I do think there are tears in the statue (of Liberty) at the moment” says @madeleine in response to the travel ban.
GO Islamic State ’Morality Police’ Behead Two Elderly ’Sorcerers’ in Egypt.
GO A video posted on an encrypted social media channel used by the Islamic State purportedly shows the beheading of two elderly men found guilty of “witchcraft and sorcery” in Egypt.
GO Islamists from Across Europe Moving to UK for ’Freedom’ to Practice Radical Islam.
GO A growing number of radical Muslims are flocking to move from France to Britain, where generous welfare payments, lack of scrutiny from the authorities, and the ease with which families can practice strict Islam have earned the UK a reputation as a halal paradise for Salafists who are unable to secure visas for Saudi Arabia.
GO Senate Judiciary Committee Sends Gorsuch Through for Vote - Breitbart.
GO The Senate Judiciary Committee, in a     vote Monday, has passed Judge Neil Gorsuch, President Donald Trump’s nominee to replace conservative stalwart Justice Antonin Scalia, setting up a full Senate confirmation vote for April 7.
GO Poland Vows Referendum on Migrant Quota Amidst EU Pressure: ’The Public’s Voice Will Be Heard’ - Breitbart.
GO “The public’s voice will be heard,” Poland’s president declared, as he vowed a referendum on the European Union’s (EU) migrant quota amidst growing pressure from Brussels.
GO Obama: Obamacare Will Survive Trump - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” President Barack Obama said he thinks the Affordable Care Act will survive   Donald Trump’s tenure.
GO Wall Street Journal: Democrats Trying to Squelch Susan Rice Unmasking Story - Breitbart.
GO The Wall Street Journal in an editorial over the weekend said Democrats are trying to squelch the story of Susan Rice’s unmasking of Trump campaign officials, and the House and Senate Intelligence committees should investigate the former national security adviser.
GO ’The Wire’ Creator David Simon: ‘Pick Up a Goddamn Brick’ if Trump Fires Robert Mueller.
GO David Simon, creator of HBO’s famed crime drama The Wire, suggested that those who oppose Donald Trump should “pick up a goddamn brick” if the president fires special counsel Robert Mueller.
GO Maxine Waters: ’Donald Trump, I’m Coming For You’ - Breitbart.
GO Saturday at a town hall in her home district in Los Angeles, Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) who has called for impeachment several times, told President Donald Trump she is coming for him.
GO House Freedom Caucus Member DeSantis: ’We Can Pass Something, Relatively Soon’ on Obamacare - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” House Freedom Caucus Member Representative Ron DeSantis ( ) stated that there’s “definitely a path” to an Obamacare bill, and that if they can deliver lower premiums and more choice, “I absolutely think we can pass something, relatively soon.
GO Kellyanne Conway Praised in London Assembly for Intl Women’s Day.
GO London Assembly Member David Kurten has hailed President Donald Trump’s White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway in a speech in the assembly chamber today, International Women’s Day.
GO Donald Trump Considering Joe Lieberman To Lead FBI - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump is interviewing FBI director candidates this afternoon, which include former Connecticut Democrat Senator Joe Lieberman.
GO McCaskill Misleads with Tweet She Had No Contact with Russian Ambassador - Breitbart.
GO Claire McCaskill ( ) sent out a misleading Tweet on Thursday claiming that she had never, “ever” met or spoken with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, while previous Tweets showed she met and spoke to the Russian official in 2013 and again in 2015.
GO Donald Trump Will Order Interior Review on National Monuments Designated by Clinton and Obama - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump will sign an executive order to begin a review process of national monuments designated by modern presidents, including former President Bill Clinton and former President Barack Obama, according to Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke.
GO Indian Woman Sold, Tortured After Entering Saudi Arabia on Housemaid Visa.
GO A woman from India was sold to her immigration sponsor for an estimated $4, 700 after she entered Saudi Arabia on a housemaid visa and is being tortured by her captor, her daughter tells the Times of India (TOI).
GO Pope Francis Invokes Blessings on Super Bowl LI.
GO Pope Francis has become the first pope in history to bless America’s premier sporting event, sending a video message with his benediction to participants and viewers of Super Bowl LI.
GO Pope Francis: ‘Let Us Pray for Babies in Danger of Being Aborted’.
GO On Italy’s annual Day for Life, Pope Francis pledged his support for the   movement, urging Christians to pray for unborn children in danger of being aborted.
GO Outdoor Clothing Giant Patagonia Pledging to Lead Resistance to President Donald Trump.
GO The CEO of outdoor clothing giant Patagonia is burnishing her   bona fides again, this time saying she intends to pledge her entire company to the “resistance” of President Donald Trump.
GO Donald Trump Floats Idea of Border Wall ‘Covered with Solar Panels’.
GO President Donald Trump, during his meeting with Congress on Tuesday, floated the idea of having his Southern border wall covered with solar panels.
GO Original ’Diablo’ Campaign Added to ’Diablo III’ for Game’s 20th Anniversary - Breitbart.
GO Blizzard will be pushing out a “20th Anniversary” patch to Diablo III this week that will add the original Diablo campaign to the game, and it’s already getting a lot of attention.
GO NYT: Like Henry VIII’s Thomas Cromwell, Trump’s Steve Bannon Is a ’Brilliant and Cunning’ Strategist ‘Trying to Destroy the Existing Order’.
GO In his latest   New York Times columnist Timothy Egan explores the similarities between President Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon and King Henry VIII’s chief minister Thomas Cromwell, whom Bannon jokingly compared himself to when he told an interviewer last year, “I am Thomas Cromwell in the court of the Tudors.
GO The Atlantic’s Molly Ball on Trump’s Speech: ’That Was Not Candidate Trump At All’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” The Atlantic’s Molly Ball said of President Donald Trump Remarks at    Summit in Riyadh that it did not reflect candidate Trump “at all.
GO ABC News: Trump’s Executive Order Could Mean Deportation for 11 Million Illegals - Breitbart.
GO ABC News reports that the illegal immigrant population in the United States could face deportation as a result of the executive order President Donald Trump signed on Wednesday, according to legal experts.
GO Study: American Adults Having Less Sex than a Quarter of a Century Ago - Breitbart.
GO A new study released Tuesday shows that American adults are having less sex than a quarter of a century ago, with the biggest decline being among married people.
GO Elon Musk’s Tesla Stock Up $2 Billion Since Joining Trump’s Team.
GO Although Tesla CEO Elon Musk shocked Silicon Valley by breaking ranks to become an official member of the White House Manufacturing Jobs Initiative, the value of his Tesla stock is up by over $2 billion since the election of Donald Trump as President.
GO 2016: Remains of 61 Dead Migrants Recovered in One Texas County.
GO As the year end closed out in one Texas county, the remains of   human smuggling victims had been recovered in what has become known as the Brooks County killing fields.
GO Obama: ’For The Most Part, Race Relations Have Gotten Better’ Under My Presidency - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on Chicago’s ABC7 when asked by correspondent Judy Hsu if race relations have gotten better or worse during his tenure, President Barack Obama said “for the most part” they had gotten better.
GO Obama in Harvard Law Review: Prayer Won’t Do It We Need Gun Control.
GO Nearly nine years after mocking “bitter” Americans who “cling to guns or religion,” President Obama used a column in the Harvard Law Review to assert that prayer in America is insufficient America needs gun control.
GO Barbara Boxer Urges Democrats to Follow Meryl Streep’s Lead.
GO Former Senator Barbara Boxer defended Meryl Streep’s controversial,   Golden Globes acceptance speech and urged Democratic politicians to follow her lead during CAA’s “Take Action Day” summit on Thursday.
GO London Attacker Known to Police, Allegedly Appeared on TV Jihad Show, Linked to Anjem Choudary.
GO One of the London Bridge attackers was allegedly a   Islamist, who appeared on Britain’s Channel 4 TV station, was reported to police, and can be linked to the network around notorious hate preacher Anjem Choudary.
GO Bill Clinton: Have to Bring ’Simple, Personal Decency and Trust’ Back to Politics - Breitbart.
GO During a speech at the Brookings Institution on Thursday, President Bill Clinton stated, “we have to find a way to bring simple, personal decency and trust back to our politics.
GO FULL SPEECH: Theresa May Hails Globalism, Calls for Action on Climate Change.
GO British Prime Minister Theresa May used her speech in Philadelphia today to warn over climate change, call Islam a religion of peace, and hail globalist institutions such as the World Bank and United Nations.
GO CNN’s Don Lemon: There Is ’an Effort to Tar and Feather’ Susan Rice - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday night on CNN, host Don Lemon said there was an “effort to tar and feather” President Barack Obama’s National Security Adviser Susan Rice over reports she unmasked members of Donald Trump’s transition team.
GO Fake News: NYT, NYDN, HuffPo Report GOP Helping Mentally Ill Get Guns.
GO The New York Times (NYT) the New York Daily News (NYDN) and The Huffington Post (HuffPo) are responding to the Senate vote to repeal the Social Security gun ban by accusing GOP lawmakers of helping the mentally ill get guns.
GO Kevin Shenkman: Ending Democracy as We Know It in Southern California? - Breitbart.
GO Kevin Shenkman could be described as one of the most prolific and successful civil rights lawyers of his generation, after almost   pushing dozens of Southern California communities to change their election systems under the California Voting Rights Act of 2001 (CVRA) over the past few years.
GO Russia and US reach tentative agreement for Syria ceasefire.
GO The US and Russia have agreed a tentative ceasefire deal for Syria, intended to lead the way to a joint   air campaign against Islamic State and other extremist groups and new negotiations on the country’s political future.
GO Justin Trudeau defends initial remarks about ’polarizing’ Fidel Castro.
GO Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau, who was widely criticized for fondly remembering Fidel Castro without mention of his human rights record, has defended his comments but said the late Cuban leader was a dictator.
GO Ferguson protest leader Darren Seals shot and found dead in a burning car.
GO Ferguson protest leader Darren Seals was found dead early Tuesday morning in a car that had been set on fire.
GO Free tampons and pads added to Brown University campus bathrooms.
GO Brown University students are returning to classes this semester to find free tampons and sanitary napkins in academic building bathrooms.
GO Nearly 1,000 City staff at four big US banks given €1m in pay deals in 2015.
GO Four major US banks handed almost 1, 000 of their top City staff at least €1m (£850, 000) in pay deals last year.
GO Making a Murderer: Steven Avery’s ex-fiancee fears he too may be released.
GO The   of Steven Avery, the subject of the Netflix documentary series Making a Murderer, has reportedly expressed fears that her former partner could be released from prison after a judge overturned the murder conviction of his nephew, Brendan Dassey.
GO Angela Merkel: no special favours for UK over single market.
GO Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, has dismissed Boris Johnson’s proposal that Britain might enjoy access to the European single market and restrict immigration at the same time, telling German MPs the UK would enjoy no special favours.
GO Tesla fatal autopilot crash: family may have grounds to sue, legal experts say.
GO The family of a man killed when his Tesla hit a truck while under the control of its autopilot function may have legal grounds to sue the company, legal experts say.
GO Spectre the most complained about film in 2015, say UK censors.
GO A gruesome   scene in Spectre helped make the latest instalment in the James Bond franchise the most complained about film of 2015, British film censors have said.
GO Canada man sentenced to 10 years in mall massacre plot, prosecution says.
GO A Canadian man accused in a failed shopping mall massacre plot in the Atlantic Canadian city of Halifax pleaded guilty on Tuesday and was sentenced to 10 years in prison, a prosecution spokeswoman said.
GO Lending Club CEO abruptly resigns amid $22m loan investigation.
GO The CEO of online loan company Lending Club, Renaud Laplanche, abruptly resigned Monday morning in the wake of an internal investigation around a $22m loan that was issued to an investor “in contravention of the investor’s express instructions” according to a statement from the company.
GO Muhammad Ali honored in Louisville: ’he perfected gifts that we all have’.
GO Thousands of Muhammad Ali’s admirers, from the unknown to the powerful, packed a Louisville arena on Friday to honor the great boxer and humanitarian.
GO Jessica Williams’ departure is a blow for Trevor Noah’s Daily Show.
GO Jessica Williams, one of the few recognizable faces on The Daily Show with Trevor Noah, announced on Wednesday that she is leaving after Thursday’s episode.
GO Vladimir Putin cancels Paris visit amid Syria row.
GO Vladimir Putin has cancelled a visit to Paris after the Kremlin accused France of seeking to humiliate the Russian leader.
GO Clinton campaign blasts James Comey over ’jaw-dropping’ double standards at FBI.
GO The Clinton campaign blasted the FBI director, James Comey, for “ ” double standards on Monday after claims that he had sought to withhold evidence of Russian support for Donald Trump for fear of influencing next week’s US election.
GO Milwaukee mayor declares curfew to help ease unrest after police shooting.
GO Milwaukee mayor Tom Barrett declared a citywide curfew in a press conference on Monday in an effort to quell violent unrest in the wake of a police shooting over the weekend.
GO Navy sailor charged in death of black transgender woman in Mississippi.
GO A member of the US navy has been charged in connection with the death of a    black transgender woman who was found dead in a hotel room in St Martin, Mississippi, on Saturday.
GO ’Don’t shoot’: pet parrot’s words may be used in Michigan murder trial.
GO A Michigan prosecutor is considering whether the words of a pet parrot could be used to try the woman accused of killing his owner.
GO Boris Johnson ridiculed by European ministers after prosecco claim.
GO Boris Johnson’s approach to Brexit has been ridiculed by European ministers after he told Italy it would have to offer   trade in order to sell its prosecco in the UK.
GO Silicon Valley’s TJ Miller arrested after allegedly slapping Uber driver.
GO The Silicon Valley comedian TJ Miller was arrested for battery on Friday, Los Angeles police said on Friday, for allegedly hitting an Uber driver over a political dispute.
GO Iran military vessel pointed weapon at US helicopter, Pentagon officials say.
GO A small Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard vessel pointed its weapon at a US military helicopter in the Strait of Hormuz at the weekend, two US defense officials have told Reuters, an action they described as “unsafe and unprofessional”.
GO Greta Gerwig rewriting Little Women adaptation.
GO Greta Gerwig is rewriting Sarah Polley’s script for the upcoming adaptation of Little Women.
GO Wells Fargo chief John Stumpf retires in wake of fake account scandal.
GO Wells Fargo’s chief executive and chairman, John Stumpf, is retiring effective immediately from both the bank and the board in the wake of the scandal over its sales practices.
GO Fitness trackers in McDonald’s Happy Meals lead to rashes and backlash.
GO Reports of skin irritation have derailed plans by McDonald’s to give out fitness trackers instead of toys in its Happy Meals.
GO Data program accessed in cyber-attack on Democrats, says Clinton campaign.
GO A data program used by the campaign of the Democratic presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton, was “accessed” as a part of hack on the Democratic National Committee (DNC) that intelligence officials believe was carried out by Russia’s intelligence services, Clinton’s campaign said on Friday.
GO Oil prices rise by 2.5% to highest level since November.
GO Oil prices rose more than 2% to their highest since last November after the interruption to supplies from Nigeria and a forecast from Goldman Sachs that a dramatic cut in stockpiles would maintain prices at about $50 (£35) for the rest of the year.
GO British woman on Texas death row may be spared as new evidence surfaces.
GO A British woman who has been on death row in Texas for 14 years has been given renewed hope that she might be spared execution by an appeal hearing at which devastating evidence was presented that prosecutors had coerced false testimony from key witnesses.
GO Trump campaign chair in Ohio resigns over ‘no racism before Obama’ remarks.
GO Donald Trump’s campaign chair in a crucial Ohio county has resigned after an interview with the Guardian in which she said there was no racism in America until the election of Barack Obama.
GO Russia plane crash: terrorism not thought to be cause, say authorities.
GO Russian authorities say they do not believe a terrorist attack was responsible for the crash of a   military plane with 92 people on board.
GO Abdul Sattar Edhi honoured with Pakistan state funeral.
GO Abdul Sattar Edhi, the founder of one of Pakistan’s largest public welfare charities, has become the first Pakistani in more than a quarter of a century to be honoured with a state funeral.
GO Facebook’s plan to tackle fake news raises questions over limitations.
GO Facebook’s new effort to flag news deemed to be “fake” began on Friday, as new questions emerged about the limitations of the system the social media giant has put in place to outsource the   process.
GO Baylor University sex assault scandal reveals flaws of school’s conduct code.
GO The sexual assault scandal that led to removal of the president and revered football coach of Baylor University revealed a problem with a bedrock of the Texas school’s   education: a student conduct code banning alcohol, drugs and premarital sex that may have driven some victims into silence.
GO New York’s oldest witchcraft store still casting its spell after 34 years.
GO Enchantments, the oldest witchcraft store in New York, has not been open for an hour but already it’s buzzing.
GO France’s Saip emergency smartphone app failed during Nice attack.
GO The French government has vowed to overhaul its emergency smartphone app designed to alert the public to an ongoing terror attack after it malfunctioned during the attack on Nice.
GO Chris Evans’ Top Gear crashes to a halt with record ratings low.
GO Chris Evans’ Top Gear hit a new ratings low for its series finale on Sunday, finishing with fewer than 2 million viewers, lower than any episode in the Jeremy Clarkson era.
GO UN committee may again consider listing Great Barrier Reef as ’in danger’.
GO The Great Barrier Reef could be considered again for an “in danger” listing by the United Nations World Heritage Committee following the devastating bleaching this year, the Guardian can reveal.
GO Two female suicide bombers kill at least 30 at Nigerian market.
GO Two women carried out suicide bombings at a bustling market in the   Nigerian town of Madagali on Friday morning, killing at least 30 people and wounding 67, the army said.
GO Young black men killed by US police at highest rate in year of 1,134 deaths.
GO Young black men were nine times more likely than other Americans to be killed by police officers in 2015, according to the findings of a Guardian study that recorded a final tally of 1, 134 deaths at the hands of law enforcement officers this year.
GO Paris climate deal thrown into uncertainty by US election result.
GO Just days after the historic Paris agreement officially came into force, climate denier Donald Trump’s victory has thrown the global deal into uncertainty and raised fears that the US will reverse the ambitious environmental course charted under Barack Obama.
GO Democratic Republic of the Congo ’faces civil war’ if president fails to quit.
GO Opposition leaders are warning that the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) faces civil war if president Joseph Kabila does not relinquish his grip on power and step down when his mandate ends.
GO Trump defense secretary pick received emails from woman in Petraeus case.
GO   Donald Trump’s choice for defense secretary was among military officials who, the FBI concluded, received anonymous emails from the woman whose affair with   director David Petraeus led to his downfall, the Associated Press has learned.
GO Arundhati Roy announces second novel after 20-year gap.
GO Twenty years after Arundhati Roy won the 1997 Booker prize for her debut novel The God of Small Things, the Indian novelist’s second, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness, is set to be published in 2017, her publisher has announced.
GO Hillary Clinton has 81% chance of defeating Trump, Nate Silver predicts.
GO Hillary Clinton has an 81% chance of winning the election to Donald Trump’s 19% polling analyst Nate Silver said on Wednesday in his first model of the 2016 presidential election.
GO San Diego police investigating ’random’ violent attacks on homeless people.
GO San Diego police are investigating a series of violent attacks against homeless people, including one man who was “badly burned” and killed, raising concerns that someone may be targeting vulnerable individuals living on the streets.
GO Michigan election recount must begin at noon on Monday, judge rules.
GO Michigan must begin its presidential recount at noon on Monday, a federal judge ruled in a   order that could make it more likely the state will complete the count ahead of a 13 December deadline.
GO Vladimir Putin presents Steven Seagal with Russian passport.
GO Vladimir Putin has personally handed a new Russian passport to the American actor Steven Seagal and said he hoped the gesture showed a “normalisation” of strained relations with Washington.
GO India’s rape problem is exaggerated, says minister for women.
GO India’s minister for women has been criticised for claiming that the country’s rape and sexual violence problem is exaggerated by the media, driving away tourists.
GO Letter from Ukrainian film-maker Oleg Sentsov smuggled out of prison.
GO The Ukrainian film director Oleg Sentsov, who is serving a   prison sentence in Russia, has smuggled a defiant letter from his jail in Siberia, comparing himself to a “nail that will not bend”.
GO Listen to her purr… how to train your cat.
GO I am a few days into training my cat and things aren’t going too well.
GO Russia’s weightlifters barred from Rio Olympics over doping offences.
GO Russia’s weightlifting team have been barred from competing at the Rio Olympics over doping offences, the sport’s governing federation said on Friday.
GO Homemade cannon kills Iowa woman at backyard gathering.
GO As Americans celebrated the Fourth of July holiday weekend with parties and fireworks, authorities said an eastern Iowa woman was killed when a homemade cannon exploded at a backyard gathering.
GO Global wine production expected to fall by 5% due to ’climatic events’.
GO Global wine production is expected to fall by 5% in 2016 because of “climatic events” causing steep drops in production in most of the southern hemisphere, particularly Chile and Argentina.
GO #TrumpBookReport: great literature reimagined as a tweet from the Donald.
GO Inspired by Donald Trump’s responses during the third presidential debate, Twitter users are humorously attempting to explain great works of literature through the Republican’s eyes using #TrumpBookReport.
GO Houston man shot by police while having mental health crisis files lawsuit.
GO A man shot and and shocked with a police Taser inside a hospital room while suffering a mental health crisis has filed a lawsuit alleging negligence, excessive force and fabrication of evidence.
GO Stanford sexual assault victim faced personal questions at trial, records show.
GO The Stanford sexual assault victim faced personal questions about her drinking habits, her behavior at parties and her body, according to newly released trial records that shed light on the “traumatizing” court process the woman described in her viral impact statement.
GO Who will challenge Chris Froome at the 2017 Tour de France?.
GO Suspenseful it may not have been, but the 2016 Tour de France was nip and tuck in one way: the time gaps behind the winner.
GO Vera Rubin, astronomer who helped find evidence of dark matter, dies at 88.
GO Vera Rubin, a pioneering astronomer who helped find powerful evidence of dark matter, has died aged 88, her son said on Monday.
GO How not to apologize: what Donald Trump and Ryan Lochte get wrong.
GO What do Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, Olympic gold medallist Ryan Lochte and comedy writer Kurt Metzger have in common?
GO John Hinckley, man who shot Ronald Reagan, released in Virginia.
GO The man who shot Ronald Reagan was released from a Washington psychiatric facility for good on Saturday, more than 35 years after the shooting.
GO Children’s hospital in Aleppo hit in airstrikes.
GO Jet fighters and helicopters bombing east Aleppo hit a children’s hospital and a blood bank on Wednesday, as medics and patients sheltered in the basement waiting for the   assault to end.
GO American University attack: at least 12 dead and 44 injured in Afghanistan.
GO At least 12 people have been killed and 44 wounded after militants attacked the American University of Afghanistan in Kabul, trapping students and foreign staff members in their classrooms amid explosions and automatic gunfire.
GO Atlanta: Donald Glover’s show is the smartest – and funniest – on TV.
GO This week’s episode of Donald Glover’s auteur dramedy, Atlanta, saw his character Earn spend most of the show’s 25 minutes trying to catch a Nigerian club manager who kept using elaborate escape routes (including a rotating wall) to avoid paying an appearance fee to Paper Boi, Earn’s rapper client.
GO Oakland fire: warehouse manager ’incredibly sorry’ for blaze that killed 36.
GO The manager of an Oakland warehouse that was destroyed in a devastating fire last week has said he is “incredibly sorry” for the blaze, which erupted during a party and killed at least 36 people.
GO Will you become a citizen of Asgardia, the first nation state in space?.
GO Proposals for the “first nation state in space” have been unveiled by a team of scientists and legal experts, who say the move will foster peace, open up access to space technologies and offer protection for citizens of planet Earth.
GO Hanoi Hannah, Vietnam war propaganda radio presenter, dies aged 87.
GO   propaganda broadcaster Hanoi Hannah, famous for urging American GIs to leave her country during the Vietnam war, has died at the age of 87.
GO Seven things I wish I’d known before my divorce: an optimistic guide to the future.
GO Our new series, the divorce survival guide, hosts writers discussing the most bitter cut of all: the end of a marriage, Last November, my husband sat me down on the living room floor and told me he didn’t see a future for us.
GO Trump’s new idea to repeal Obamacare now and replace it later would be a massive gamble.
GO    President Trump floated a new idea on Friday morning: What if the Senate votes to repeal Obamacare today and then works to replace it later?
GO Mika Brzezinski explains what President Trump’s tweets reveal about him.
GO           The morning after being viciously attacked by President Trump on Twitter, MSNBC   Mika Brzezinski said she wasn’t exactly reeling as a result of the president’s vulgar and deeply personal   assault.
GO Founder of disastrous Fyre Festival arrested, charged with fraud.
GO           One of the organizers of the disastrous Fyre Festival has been arrested and charged with wire fraud, according to the U. S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York.
GO The best Fourth of July recipes to satisfy any appetite.
GO       Mix and match from our Recipe Finder picks to make a Fourth of July celebration for the books.
GO U.S. destroyer sails near disputed island in South China Sea.
GO      An American   destroyer sailed near a disputed island in the South China Sea on Sunday, a U. S. defense official said, marking the second such operation since President Trump took office.
GO If Trump doesn’t raise election interference with Putin, he’s inviting more in 2018.
GO      The White House is signaling that President Trump will not raise the issue of election meddling with Russian President Vladimir Putin when the pair meet in person for the first time at a Group of 20 summit in Germany on Friday.
GO Poland once sent the U.S. a birthday card. With 5 million signatures..
GO      On Oct. 14, 1926, a distinguished citizen of Poland named Leopold Kotnowski came to the White House with a greeting card for the United States’ 150th birthday.
GO U.S. Army and South Korean military respond to North Korea’s launch with missile exercise.
GO      The U. S. Army and South Korean military responded to North Korea’s latest launch with their own exercise of missiles, launching them Wednesday into South Korean territorial waters along the country’s eastern coastline, U. S. Pacific Command said in a statement.
GO What we have learned in the past six months about Trump.
GO       On this Fourth of July, what better time to reflect on what we have learned over the past six months about the 45th president of the United States?
GO The Founders definitely anticipated this.
GO      The Founders, in their infinite wisdom, definitely anticipated all the events of recent weeks.
GO As Mueller builds his Russia special-counsel team, every hire is under scrutiny.
GO      Robert S. Mueller III was greeted with near universal praise when he was appointed to lead the investigation into possible coordination between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 election, but as he builds his special counsel team, his every hire is under scrutiny.
GO U.S. hospital offers to admit Charlie Gard, the British baby at the center of life support controversy.
GO          A major New York hospital has offered to admit Charlie Gard, the terminally ill infant at the center of a worldwide controversy that has drawn sympathy and support from Pope Francis and President Trump.
GO Florida woman fatally shoots ‘intruder’ who turns out to be her daughter.
GO        A Florida woman who fatally shot her daughter mistakenly thought the    was a home intruder, authorities say.
GO Hillary Clinton’s campaign raised $55 million in the latest fundraising quarter.
GO      Hillary Clinton’s campaign announced Friday that it raised $55 million in the final fundraising period of 2015, and $112 million in   funds for the year.
GO Bernie Sanders raises more than $33 million in latest fundraising quarter.
GO      Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders said Saturday that he raised more than $33 million for his primary campaign in the final quarter of 2015, just shy of the $37 million that Hillary Clinton reported a day earlier.
GO Armed militia, Bundy brothers take over federal building in rural Oregon.
GO       An armed militia took over a building at a national wildlife refuge in Oregon late Saturday and vows to occupy the outpost for years to protest the federal government’s treatment of a pair of ranchers facing prison time.
GO Hillary Clinton is the most miscast figure on the 2016 political stage.
GO      With all the noise and bluster coming from the Republican campaign, suggesting dysfunction among the Republican candidates, the fact is, Hillary Clinton is the most miscast character in the 2016 race.
GO U.S. authorities begin raids, taking 121 illegal immigrants into custody over the weekend.
GO      Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson announced Monday that federal immigration authorities apprehended 121 adults and children in raids over the New Year’s weekend as part of a nationwide operation to deport a new wave of illegal immigrants.
GO Sexual assaults blamed on ‘Arab’ men in Germany may inflame refugee debate.
GO      New Year’s Eve attacks attributed to Arab and North African men threaten to fan the flames of Germany’s refugee debate.
GO University fires professor who says Sandy Hook was a hoax.
GO      James Tracy, a professor who wrote that the mass killing of children at Sandy Hook Elementary School was an elaborate, staged hoax designed to pass   legislation, has been fired from his job at Florida Atlantic University.
GO Prosecutors will seek murder charges against Georgia officer who shot an unarmed, naked black man.
GO      Prosecutors in DeKalb County, Ga. will seek a criminal indictment of the police officer who in March 2015 fatally shot Anthony Hill, an Afghanistan war veteran who was naked and unarmed when he was killed.
GO Philadelphia police: Man who tried to kill officer pledged allegiance to the Islamic State.
GO        A police officer in Philadelphia was shot multiple times late Thursday by an attacker who later said he had pledged loyalty to the Islamic State, officials said Friday.
GO How not to squander the $800 million Powerball jackpot.
GO      Evidence shows that most people who make it to the top 1 percent of income earners usually don’t stay at the top for very long.
GO Cleveland police officer under investigation for Facebook post attacking Tamir Rice’s mother.
GO      A Cleveland school police officer has been placed on administrative leave after he posted a series of inflammatory statements on Facebook that referred to Tamir Rice’s mother as a “stupid b**ch.
GO White House invites Syrian refugee to Obama’s State of the Union address.
GO      President Obama has invited a Syrian refugee to sit in the first lady’s box for the State of the Union address on Tuesday, the White House said Sunday.
GO George Washington University rescinds Bill Cosby’s honorary degree.
GO      George Washington University’s president announced Monday that the honorary degree presented to Bill Cosby in the 1990s would be revoked, the latest college to back away from the actor and comedian who has been accused of sexual assault by dozens of women and was charged last month in a   case.
GO Two U.S. Navy boats in Iranian custody but crew will be returned ‘promptly’.
GO        Two small U. S. Navy vessels are in Iranian custody, but their crews will be released promptly, the Pentagon said Tuesday.
GO Intense diplomacy between Secretary of State Kerry and his Iranian counterpart to secure sailors’ release.
GO        Secretary of State John F. Kerry spoke at least five times yesterday by telephone with his Iranian counterpart in intense diplomacy that led to the release Wednesday morning of 10 American sailors who were picked up and detained overnight when their small ships strayed into Iranian waters the day before.
GO Widow of San Bernardino shooting victim files $58 million in wrongful death claims.
GO      The widow of a man killed in last month’s mass shooting in San Bernardino has filed claims seeking $58 million in damages on behalf of herself and her three minor children.
GO Paul Ryan attacks Barack Obama for agreeing with Paul Ryan.
GO      With the GOP presidential debate tonight likely to broadcast the ugliness of Trumpism to the nation once again, House Speaker Paul Ryan has given an interesting interview to USA Today in which he attacks Barack Obama for having “degraded the presidency” with his State of the Union speech.
GO Anglican Communion suspends the Episcopal Church after years of gay rights debates.
GO      The Episcopal Church has been suspended from full participation in the Anglican Communion, the world’s   Christian denomination, after years of heated debates over human sexuality and other issues.
GO How the GOP’s Health-Care Bill Would Affect People Insured Through Work.
GO But by 2020, about 2 million fewer people would get insurance through work if the GOP’s proposed Obamacare replacement bill, the American Health Care Act, passes, according to a scorecard report released today by the Congressional Budget Office, a nonpartisan agency that tracks the financial impact of legislation.
GO How a FAFSA Malfunction Could Delay Student Aid.
GO   On March 3, students looking to fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) were met with a surprise: The online application’s   tool, which helps to automatically enter information from their tax returns, had malfunctioned.
GO Why Trump’s Revised Travel Ban Could Still Succeed.
GO The 19 Independent Agencies Trump Wants to Eliminate, By now you’ve read of the harsh words that District Judge Derrick Watson in Hawaii directed at the president’s revised “travel ban” yesterday in a temporary restraining order barring its enforcement “in all places, including the United States, at all United States borders and ports of entry, and in the issuance of visas .
GO Is This the End of Sears?.
GO   Sears, along with most other department store chains that used to serve as mall anchor stores, have been in continuous decline for a decade, with sales and profits dipping lower and lower.
GO The Atlantic Daily: A House Divided.
GO           This article is part of a feature we also send out via email as The Atlantic Daily, a newsletter with stories, ideas, and images from The Atlantic, written specially for subscribers.
GO The Republicans Fold on Health Care.
GO To a man and woman, nearly every one of the 237 Republicans elected to the House last November made the same promise to voters: Give us control of Congress and the White House, and we will repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
GO Hosni Mubarak Is a Free Man.
GO   I was in Tahrir Square on February 11, 2011, the day longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak fell.
GO What It Means to Defund Planned Parenthood.
GO Reforming Government First Requires Understanding It, The argument for this in Iowa is the same as it was in Texas when the state passed similar legislation in 2013 ”and it s the the same in most states where moves have been made to block the organization from funds: Lawmakers want to prevent state dollars from going to providers that facilitate abortions, and they say Planned Parenthood patients can instead receive   care, like contraception and pelvic exams, at   clinics.
GO Ghost in the Shell Is an Incoherent Misfire of a Remake.
GO Now, somewhat belatedly, Ghost in the Shell has gotten a Hollywood remake: a     epic that retains much of the original’s visual look and basic plot principles, with an American star (Scarlett Johansson) playing the heroic Major, a cyborg secret agent fighting   in a dystopic world.
GO Clinton Aide Jennifer Palmieri Blasts Trump for Being ‘Preoccupied’ with Russia.
GO Former Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri has blasted President Trump for being “preoccupied” with allegations of ties between Russia and the Trump campaign and called him “obsessed” with proving he is a legitimate president.
GO Morgan Freeman: Trump a Winner, I Hope Will Be ’Good President’.
GO After lending his celebrity to help Hillary Clinton win the White House, Hollywood screen legend Morgan Freeman now says Donald Trump has no choice but to be a “good president.
GO Donald Trump Delays Moving Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem.
GO President Donald Trump signed a six month waiver to delay moving the U. S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, despite his campaign promise to do so.
GO Breitbart News Daily: Ryancare on Ice - Breitbart.
GO On the Friday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of President Trump’s first 100 days.
GO Liberal Democrat Leader Branded ’Bigot’ for Refusing to Endorse Gay Sex.
GO Tim Farron, leader of the left wing Liberal Democrats, has been branded a “bigot” by celebrities and angry social media users after refusing to say gay sex is not a sin.
GO Teen Vogue Calls ‘The March Against Sharia’ Hate Speech - Breitbart.
GO   magazine Teen Vogue called ACT for America’s nationwide “March Against Sharia” protests “hate speech.
GO GLAZOV: Thank You President Trump for Naming ’Radical Islamic Terrorism’ - Breitbart.
GO In this new Jamie Glazov Moment, Jamie says: Thank you President Trump for Naming “Radical Islamic Terrorism” and unveils the dire urgency of knowing the enemy and making a threat assessment.
GO Rep. Ron DeSantis: More Threats, Celebrations of Scalise Shooting Pouring In.
GO Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday regarding his experience at the GOP baseball practice where Rep. Steve Scalise was shot.
GO Bank of England: EU, Not UK, Has Most to Lose from Brexit.
GO The Governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, has told MPs that leaving the European Union (EU) is not the biggest threat to financial stability in Britain, and that Brexit actually poses a bigger risk to the continent than it does to the UK.
GO Survey: Only 25% of Americans Believe Higher Education Is ’Fine How it Is’ - Breitbart.
GO Only 25 percent of Americans believe that higher education is “fine how it is,” according to a recent survey by the think tank New America.
GO Kerry: Trump Administration Will Last ’A Year, Two Years, Whatever’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday in Davos, Switzerland, at the World Economic Forum, discussing if the upcoming administration of   Donald Trump will pull out of the nuclear deal with Iran, Secretary of State John Kerry said if they do other nations will continue the deal, so the Trump administration “will have done great injury” to U. S. “credibility” and “it will hurt for the endurance of a year, two years, whatever, while the administration is there.
GO Samantha Bee: America Does Not Have a ’Smug Liberal Problem’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” TBS’s “Full Frontal” host Samantha Bee said America does not have a”smug liberal” problem while discussing her “Not The White House Correspondents Dinner” special.
GO GOP Sen Fischer: ’Obamacare Failed Because It Took Choices Away’ - Breitbart.
GO During Saturday’s GOP Weekly Address, Senator Deb Fischer ( ) stated, “Obamacare failed because it took choices away from patients and families.
GO McConnell: Trump’s Hopes to Get Along With the Russians ’Will Be Dashed Pretty Quickly’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, ( ) said   Donald Trump’s hopes to get along with Russia “will be dashed pretty quickly.
GO Maxine Waters: I Don’t Choose to Honor President Trump at Joint Address - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on MSNBC Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) said she will not be attending President Donald Trump’s address to a joint session of Congress because she explained, “I don’t choose to honor him.
GO Kathy Griffin after Trump ’Beheading’ Photo: ’I Do Not Condone Any Violence’.
GO Kathy Griffin said in a statement Tuesday afternoon that she does not condone violence of any kind following the massive backlash generated by the release of a photograph in which she posed with the fake bloody, severed head of President Donald Trump.
GO Limbaugh: Many People Would Not Have Voted for Obama If He Were White - Breitbart.
GO Monday on his nationally syndicated radio program, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh offered one theory as to why 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton could not win over many of those who voted for President Barack Obama last November.
GO Indiana YMCA Removes CNN from TVs Over Complaints About ’Fake News’ - Breitbart.
GO A YMCA in Indiana has removed CNN from the TVs in its wellness and exercise areas over complaints from members upset by the constant fake news the cable network airs.
GO Donald Trump Puts Iran ‘On Notice’ for ‘Destabilizing Actions’ in Middle East - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump’s national security adviser General Michael Flynn delivered a stern warning to Iran, pointing to their “destabilizing behavior” in the Middle East.
GO ESPNW Writer Shows Her Obsession with Gender, While Scolding America for Its Obsession with Gender - Breitbart.
GO A sports writer for ESPNW used her recent column on women’s college swimming to scold America for being “obsessed” by gender, all while pushing the genderqueer or   political ideology on readers.
GO Director Joss Whedon Calls Ivanka Trump a Dog.
GO Social media erupted after Avengers director Joss Whedon attacked President Donald Trump’s    Jared Kushner and compared his wife, Ivanka Trump, to a dog.
GO Boehner: I Did Not Say Trump Is a ’Disaster’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday in Colorado Springs, CO at the Council of Insurance Agents and Brokers Employee Leadership Forum, former Speaker of the House John Boehner said last week’s media reports that he said Donald Trump’s presidency so far has been “a complete disaster” were not accurate.
GO Pentagon Unsure if There Will Be ’Role for Turkey’ in Assault on Islamic State Capital.
GO The Pentagon cast substantial doubt on a possible role for Turkey in the assault on Raqqa, the Islamic State’s capital in Syria, during a press conference in Iraq on Wednesday.
GO Acting FBI Director: There Has Been ’No Effort’ to Impede Russia Investigation - Breitbart.
GO Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe told senators that there has been “no effort” to impede the bureau’s investigation of Russian interference in the election and any Trump campaign collusion.
GO Russian Embassy Tweets Pepe the Frog Meme, Upsets SJWs - Breitbart.
GO The Russian Embassy in the UK upset   journalists and social justice warriors after posting a picture of internet meme “Pepe the Frog” on Twitter.
GO McCain: ‘I Don’t Know’ If Trump-Russia Dossier ‘Credible,’ That’s Why I Gave It to the FBI - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on CNN addressing media reports that he had turned over a dossier containing unverified claims about Russia and   Donald Trump, Sen. John McCain ( ) said, “I don’t know if it’s credible or not but I thought the information deserved to be delivered to the FBI, the appropriate agency of government.
GO Atlantic’s Goldberg: I’m ‘Not Confident’ Trump Can Handle ‘Matters of Life and Death’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” while discussing the Trump administration’s position on North Korea, The Atlantic Editor in Chief Jeffrey Goldberg said he was “not confident yet” that the administration could handle a crisis.
GO Ed Helms To Host ‘Fake News with Ted Nelms’ Special for Comedy Central.
GO Actor Ed Helms is set to produce and host a new comedy special titled The Fake News with Ted Nelms for Comedy Central.
GO Paul Ryan: Not Appropriate for Trump to Ask for Comey’s Loyalty - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on MSNBC’s ”For the Record,” while discussing the statement from former FBI Director James Comey ahead of his congressional testimony scheduled for Thursday, House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan ( ) said it was “obviously” not appropriate for President Donald Trump to ask for loyalty from an FBI director.
GO University of Kentucky Students Arrested for Allegedly Trying to Steal Statistics Exam - Breitbart.
GO Two University of Kentucky students were arrested for allegedly trying to steal an upcoming statistics exam after the professor decided to work late.
GO Report: Megyn Kelly to Make NBC Debut in June.
GO Former Fox News host Megyn Kelly is set to make her   debut at NBC News in June, according to a report.
GO House Freedom Chairman Meadows Working on a ‘Grand Compromise’ with the Senate on Health Care.
GO After brokering a deal on health care in the House, Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows is working on a grand bargain in the Senate.
GO Judge Jeanine: ’Trump Will Be the Biggest Change Agent in the History of the United States’ - Breitbart.
GO During her opening statement Saturday, Judge Jeanine Pirro predicted on her Fox News Channel show “Justice” that President Donald Trump will “be the biggest change agent in the history of the United States” by uniting the country together.
GO Tea Party of the Left: Democrats Plan Nationwide ’Tax Marches’ to Demand Trump Tax Returns.
GO Democratic Party operatives are planning over 100 ‘tax marches’ across America this Saturday, demanding that Donald Trump release his full tax returns and opposing proposed cuts to federal tax.
GO NYC Educator Caught on Camera Falling off Bed with Booze at Taxpayer-Funded Hotel Party.
GO A Brooklyn assistant principal was caught on camera holding a bottle of booze and falling off a bed at a hotel room party during a planning retreat for educators, sources said Sunday.
GO President Donald Trump’s First Commencement Speech: ‘In America We Don’t Worship Government, We Worship God’ - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump gave his first commencement speech at Liberty University on Saturday, encouraging “dreamers” to ignore critics, take risks, never quit, and remember that “in America we don’t worship government, we worship God.
GO Attorney: Foreign-Born Rockville Rape Suspect Could Gain Legal Status if Acquitted - Breitbart.
GO The    El Salvadoran suspect arrested after allegedly attacking a    Rockville High School freshman in a boys’ bathroom could gain legal U. S. status if he beats the rape and sex offense charges, his attorney said.
GO Roger Stone: Jared Kushner Leaking Anti-Bannon Stories to MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough.
GO Republican strategist Roger Stone claims that President Trump’s    and senior adviser Jared Kushner is leaking negative stories about White House chief strategist Steve Bannon to MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough.
GO Ellen DeGeneres Uses ’Finding Dory’ to Rip Trump’s Refugee Order.
GO Talk show   Ellen DeGeneres used the plot of her animated movie Finding Dory to slam President Donald Trump’s executive order, which temporarily suspended the U. S. Refugee Admissions Program.
GO Trump Can Do UK-U.S. Trade Deal within 90 Days of Brexit, Says Farage.
GO Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said members of President Trump’s administration have told him a trade deal between the UK and U. S. after Brexit could be agreed in just 90 days.
GO Swedish Police Attacked By 100 Masked Migrant Youths.
GO Swedish police in the city of Trollhattan were attacked by up to a hundred masked migrant youths armed with sticks and bats during a riot in the Kronogården suburb on Thursday.
GO Cotton: Obamacare Replacement Will Put the GOP House Majority at Risk - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” while discussing the Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) said he was “afraid if they vote for the bill, they’ll put the House majority at risk next year.
GO Ellen DeGeneres: Trump Not Welcome On My Show.
GO Daytime talk show host Ellen DeGeneres says President Donald Trump is not welcome on her show.
GO University of Arizona Scholar Creates a Feminist Brand of Physics to Combat Bigotry - Breitbart.
GO A researcher at the University of Arizona claims to have created a feminist brand of quantum physics to weed out the bigotry that she believes follows from a study of Newtonian physics.
GO Watch: Trump Press Conference at Trump Tower - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday,   Donald Trump addressed reporters at a press conference from Trump Tower in New York City.
GO Donald Trump: ’Failing’ Snoop Dogg Would be in Jail if he Shot Obama in Rap Video.
GO President Donald Trump argued that there was a cultural double standard, after rapper Snoop Dogg released a video of him pulling a gun on a man in clown makeup who looked like Donald Trump.
GO Moby Music Video Blows Up Cartoon Nazi Trump - Breitbart.
GO The music video for electronic   Moby’s latest song depicts President Donald Trump as a Nazi robot who is eventually blown up by a band of rebellious citizens.
GO VIDEO: United Airlines Ticket Agent Caught Threatening to Cancel Passenger’s Ticket for Recording Dispute.
GO A passenger video recorded a United Airlines ticket agent at Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport threatening to cancel his ticket for capturing their dispute on camera.
GO Dan Rather: Comey Firing ’An Effort to Cover Up the Facts’ - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball,” former CBS anchor Dan Rather commented on FBI Director James Comey’s firing by stating, “what’s going on here is an effort to cover up the facts.
GO Ryan: Bloodbath If GOP Fails to Pass Health Care Legislation - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” while discussing the Republicans the repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) said that the 2018 midterm elections will be a bloodbath for the GOP if they do not pass the legislation.
GO MILO to Bill Maher: It’s Now Breitbart Publishing the Exciting Gay Editorials - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart senior editor MILO pointed out the fact that it’s now Breitbart News who are publishing “interesting and provocative” and not the   media, before arguing that free speech is now a conservative position during HBO’s Real Time with Bill Maher on Friday.
GO Report: Steve Bannon Says American Health Care Act ’Written by the Insurance Industry’ - Breitbart.
GO Gabriel Sherman writes that White House chief strategist and former Breitbart News executive chairman Steve Bannon has privately expressed concern that the American Health Care Act (AHCA) betrays the populist voters who put Donald Trump in the White House.
GO Rachel Maddow Says She Has Trump’s Tax Returns - Breitbart.
GO MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow claimed in a tweet Tuesday afternoon that she has Donald Trump’s tax returns.
GO Taliban Threatens Trump: Get Out of Afghanistan.
GO A spokesman for the Taliban terrorist group in Afghanistan told President Donald Trump in a recent letter it is time for the United States to withdraw its troops and leave the   country, noting that peace will be elusive.
GO Sean Spicer: More and More Reports Show Obama Administration Spied on Trump - Breitbart.
GO More and more reports are coming out that show the Obama administration had surveilled the Trump campaign, the White House said Friday.
GO ESPN’s Max Kellerman: Golf Isn’t a Sport - Breitbart.
GO During a Monday “First Take” discussion about the sportsmanship shown by Masters winner Sergio Garcia and   Justin Rose this weekend, ESPN personality Max Kellerman said that he does not believe golf is a sport.
GO Making America Great Again: Donald Trump’s 100 Days’ Success - Breitbart.
GO Making his bid to be the 45th President of the United States, Donald Trump promised to “Make America Great Again.
GO Reporters Apologize for Spreading Fake New York Times Story About Rick Perry - Breitbart.
GO Reporters apologized for spreading a fake New York Times story bashing Rick Perry Thursday after new facts came to light that undermined the main focus of the story.
GO Former NBA Star Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Hints That He Thinks Donald Trump Would Have Approved of Slavery.
GO   NBA great Kareem   ripped into President Donald Trump and hinted that he thinks Trump would have approved of the practice of slavery ended by the U. S. civil war, during an appearance on former TV news anchor Katie Couric’s podcast.
GO Read President Trump’s Budget Blueprint.
GO President Trump has released a budget blueprint outlining increased military spending and cuts across other agencies, including the Environmental Protection Agency and the State Department.
GO Composer Alan Menken On His Disney Tunes: ’I Prefer Them To Be Hummable’.
GO If you’ve ever spent an afternoon with ”Under the Sea” or ”A Whole New World” or ”Be Our Guest” stuck in your head, you can thank composer Alan Menken.
GO The New Rulings Against Trump’s Travel Ban: What Was Blocked And Why.
GO Updated at 4:30 p. m. ET Friday, President Trump’s second attempt at a ”travel ban” was supposed to go into effect Thursday.
GO Common Blood Tests Can Help Predict Chronic Disease Risk.
GO A score based on common blood tests may someday help people gauge their risk of developing a chronic disease like diabetes or dementia within three years of taking the test.
GO Chuck Berry, Legend Of Rock ’N’ Roll, Dies At 90.
GO Legendary musician Chuck Berry, who was central to the development of rock ’n’ roll beginning in the ’50s with indelible hits like ”Roll Over Beethoven,” ”Rock and Roll Music” and ”Johnny B. Goode,” died today in St. Charles County, Mo.
GO Man Shot Dead At France’s Orly Airport After He Attempts To Steal Soldier’s Weapon .
GO Updated at 4:40 p. m. A man was shot and killed by soldiers at Orly Airport outside Paris this morning after he attacked a soldier and stole her rifle.
GO Move Over, St. Patrick: St. Joseph’s Feast Is When Italians Parade.
GO The St. Patrick’s parade is over and the Irish (and honorary Irish) have gone home to sleep off their annual bout of intemperance, but the   marchers of the   St. Joseph Society in New Orleans are only just dusting off their tuxedos and straightening their bow ties.
GO Father Of 2 Sons With Schizophrenia Talks Of His Struggle To Save Them.
GO As the father of two sons with schizophrenia, author Ron Powers is familiar with the pain and frustration of dealing with a chronic, incurable disease of the brain.
GO Are You Addicted To Your Smartphone?.
GO A friend of mine, a professor at a university in Canada, confided to me a few days ago that she thinks she might be addicted to email.
GO British Police Arrest 8 In Investigation Into London Attack That Left 4 Dead.
GO Updated at 4:30 a. m. ET Thursday, British authorities have made eight arrests in their investigation into Wednesday’s attack in London, police said Thursday morning.
GO ’Gong Show’ Host Chuck Barris Dies; Game Show Creator Was 87.
GO Chuck Barris not only hosted The Gong Show, but he is responsible for creating such iconic TV game shows as The Dating Game and The Newlywed Game.
GO Trump Ultimatum For House GOP: Vote On Health Bill Or Affordable Care Act Stands.
GO Updated at 9:48 p. m. ET, The White House issued an ultimatum to House Republicans on Thursday: Vote for the current GOP health care replacement plan or leave the Affordable Care Act in place and suffer the political consequences.
GO Health Care Plan Championed By Trump Hurts Counties That Voted For Him.
GO The Affordable Care Act replacement plan championed by President Trump would hurt   people in rural areas that voted heavily for the Republican last fall, according to an NPR analysis of data on proposed subsidy changes from the Kaiser Family Foundation.
GO Paul Manafort To Testify On Russia As House Intel Committee Drama Continues.
GO Updated at 3:30 p. m. Former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort has volunteered to testify before the House Intelligence Committee, as turmoil within the committee continues and the future of the investigation into Russia’s attempts to interfere with the election sunk deeper into doubt.
GO Police Videos Aren’t Going Away. How Can We Learn From Them?.
GO Editor’s Note: This story includes videos and descriptions of violent encounters between police and civilians, as well as language that may not be appropriate for all readers.
GO What If You Held An African Summit And No Africans Could Come?.
GO The African Global Economic and Development Summit took place at the University of Southern California from March 16th to 18th.
GO Paralyzed Man Uses Thoughts To Control His Own Arm And Hand.
GO A paralyzed man has regained the use of his arm and hand using a system that decodes his thoughts and controls his muscles.
GO Trump’s Pick For Treasury Secretary Has Strong Ties To Hollywood.
GO NPR’s Audie Cornish talks to Erich Schwartzel, a reporter who covers the film industry for the Wall Street Journal, about Steven Mnuchin, Trump’s choice for treasury secretary, and his ties to Hollywood.
GO Childhood Exposure To Lead Can Blunt IQ For Decades, Study Suggests .
GO Exposure to lead as a child can affect an adult decades later, according to a study out Tuesday that suggests a link between early childhood lead exposure and a dip in a person’s later cognitive ability and socioeconomic status.
GO Chinese President Xi Jinping To Meet With President Trump In Florida.
GO Chinese President Xi Jinping will meet with President Trump next week, a senior State Department official said Tuesday.
GO Where Bob Dylan Was While Keeping Silent About His Nobel Prize.
GO Last fall, the Nobel Committee for Literature announced that its newest honoree would be Bob Dylan, immediately generating heated debates on whether he deserved the prize.
GO Bob Dylan Agrees To Accept His Nobel Prize During A Tour Stop In Stockholm.
GO Bob Dylan will be accepting his Nobel Prize in literature this weekend, according to the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy.
GO Good News For Elephants: China’s Price Of Ivory Has Plummeted .
GO As China prepares to impose a domestic ban on the ivory trade, a new report has found that the price of raw ivory there is plummeting.
GO 13 Church Members Killed In Collision Between Bus, Pickup Truck In Texas.
GO Thirteen members of a church choir were killed when their bus collided   with a pickup truck Wednesday afternoon in Texas.
GO Shot By Her Boyfriend And Now Using A Wheelchair, She Found A ’New Me’.
GO When people find out that Malebogo Malefhe uses a wheelchair because she was shot by her boyfriend, the first question they ask is: ”What did you do to him?” Now Malefhe, who sustained eight bullets from her boyfriend of 10 years, wants to make sure that no woman who has faced domestic abuse is asked this question ever again.
GO Jack Black’s A Cappella Version Of Prince’s ’When Doves Cry’ Is ... Something.
GO Actor and singer Jack Black interrupted a performance with his band Tenacious D to break into an a cappella version of Prince’s ”When Doves Cry.” The moment came while the band was playing the song ”Double Team” during the German music festival Rock Am Ring.
GO Syria’s Assad shows no willingness to compromise.
GO CAIRO (Reuters)    As the Syria peace talks resume next week, President Bashar   backed militarily by Iran and Russia, shows no willingness to compromise, much less step aside to allow a transition Western powers claim is the solution to the conflict.
GO Poll: Trump extends his lead among Republicans with 42 percent support.
GO The national online poll from April   showed that 42 percent of Republicans support Trump, compared with 32 percent for Cruz and 20 percent for Kasich.
GO Mexico’s Pemex puts blast death toll at 24, blames leak.
GO    people died after a leak caused a deadly petrochemical plant blast, and the death toll could still rise, Mexican oil giant Pemex said on Thursday, the latest in a series of fatal accidents to batter the company.
GO EU regulators set to warn Halliburton on Baker Hughes deal: sources.
GO BRUSSELS   European Union antitrust regulators are set to warn U. S. oil industry services group Halliburton Co ( ) that its plan to buy Baker Hughes BHI.
GO One dead, 26 wounded as rockets hit Turkish town near Syrian border.
GO   Rockets pounded the Turkish town of Kilis near the Syrian border on Sunday, a Reuters witness reported, killing one person and injuring 26, a day after the government promised to protect the area from repeated attacks by Islamic State militants.
GO Red Rock Resorts raises $531.4 million in IPO: source.
GO Red Rock is the sixth company to go public in the United States in April, after three months of only small biotechnology IPOs.
GO 7 Defendants In Oregon Wildlife Refuge Occupation Found Not Guilty.
GO Updated at 10 a. m. ET on Oct. 28, In a surprise verdict, a jury has found all seven defendants not guilty of charges linked to their   armed occupation of Oregon’s Malheur National Wildlife Refuge earlier this year.
GO The Case For Republicans To Consider Merrick Garland’s Nomination.
GO It’s called sticking to your guns to the noble and bitter end, and it’s almost certainly what the Senate majority is going to do when it comes to refusing to even consider President Obama’s nominee to the Supreme Court, Judge Merrick Garland.
GO The Stock Market Stumbles After Friday’s Clinton Email News. Here’s Why.
GO Shortly after news about newly discovered emails related to Hillary Clinton’s private email server investigation broke on Friday, Republican strategist Patrick Ruffini noticed something: Here’s a closer look at what Ruffini is talking about.
GO Supreme Court Will Hear Case On Bathroom Rules For Transgender Students.
GO The Supreme Court said Friday it will hear a case regarding transgender students’ right to use the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity.
GO Service Dog Case Draws Skepticism From Both Sides At The Supreme Court.
GO At the Supreme Court on Monday, the justices heard arguments in the case of a girl with disabilities, her service dog and the school that barred the dog from the premises.
GO From Maggie Smith To Angela Merkel, Comic Tracey Ullman Leaves An Impression.
GO Comedian Tracey Ullman is known for her   impersonations of Judi Dench, Maggie Smith, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and much more.
GO More Than 1 Million ’Check In’ On Facebook To Support The Standing Rock Sioux.
GO More than 1 million people have ”checked in” on Facebook to the Standing Rock Indian Reservation page, in a show of support for the tribe that has been rallying against construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline.
GO Obama: Army Corps Examining Possible Rerouting Of Dakota Access Pipeline.
GO President Obama said Tuesday that the U. S. Army Corps of Engineers is examining possible alternative routes for the Dakota Access Pipeline.
GO Suspect In ’Ambush-Style’ Killings Of 2 Iowa Police Officers Is In Custody.
GO A suspect is in custody in connection to the   killings of two police officers in the Des Moines, Iowa, area, according to police.
GO A Tribe Called Quest To Join Host Dave Chappelle On Saturday Night Live.
GO In a surprising press release NBC announced Friday that Dave Chappelle will host Saturday Night Live on Nov. 12 with musical guest A Tribe Called Quest.
GO 3 U.S. Service Members Killed In Jordan, Pentagon Says .
GO Updated at 1:00 p. m. ET on Nov. 6, The Pentagon says three U. S. service members were shot and killed Friday at a Jordanian military base, reportedly fired on as their vehicles entered the facility.
GO The Trend Toward Legalizing Recreational Marijuana.
GO House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Friday that she plans to vote in favor of legalizing recreational marijuana in California.
GO Governors’ Races Could Be A Bright Spot For GOP On Election Night .
GO In what could be a tough election night for Republicans, governors’ races may offer a rare bright spot.
GO After Scathing Report, Nigeria Deploys Female Police To Protect Displaced Women.
GO Nigeria is deploying 100 female police officers to protect women in displaced persons camps in the state of Borno, after a scathing Human Rights Watch report said officials, including security guards, have ”raped and sexually exploited” dozens of women.
GO Supreme Court Revisits 2008’s Housing Collapse With Banking Test Cases .
GO As voters go to the polls on Tuesday, the U. S. Supreme Court will be revisiting the 2008 collapse of the housing market, and the resulting drop in property values and property tax revenue.
GO WATCH: Hillary Clinton Concedes Presidential Race To Donald Trump .
GO Hillary Clinton conceded the White House race to   Donald Trump on Wednesday morning, saying she hoped ”he will be a successful president for all Americans.” ”This is not the outcome we wanted or worked so hard for.
GO Trump Can Kill Obamacare With Or Without Help From Congress.
GO   Donald Trump has promised over and over in recent months that he will repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, also called Obamacare, when he reaches the White House.
GO Calif. Voters Decide To Uphold Death Penalty, Streamline The Process.
GO California voters rejected a ballot measure that would have abolished the death penalty, and narrowly approved a competing measure designed to streamline the execution process.
GO Donald Trump Says He’ll Deport 2-3 Million People Once In Office.
GO Updated at 7:30 p. m. ET, He’ll build a border wall and he’ll deport millions of people who are in the U. S. illegally,   Donald Trump says, promising to keep his campaign pledges on immigration in his first prolonged interview since winning the White House.
GO The way we were, &c..
GO There was a song: “Mem’ries light the corners of my mind.
GO Oxford University: Avoiding Eye Contact Is Racist.
GO According to Oxford University’s Equality and Diversity Unit, not making eye contact and “not speaking directly” to people are examples of racism.
GO Will 2020 Be Another 1972 for Democrats?.
GO   years ago, Vice President Hubert Humphrey was the Democratic candidate for president.
GO You May Be Wrong about Billy Joel .
GO This is what happens at a Billy Joel concert at Madison Square Garden: Thousands of gyrating white people from the suburbs have a wonderful time, and one or two frowning music critics (also white, also probably from the suburbs) grind their teeth, roll their eyes, and fill their notebooks with disdain.
GO The Quantum Computer Revolution Is Closer Than You May Think .
GO Let’s make no mistake: The race for a quantum computer is the new arms race.
GO Comey Sticks to His Claim That Hillary Lacked Criminal Intent.
GO In his testimony today before the Senate Judiciary Committee (on which I’ll have more to say in an upcoming column) FBI director James Comey has stuck by his claim that declining to bring charges against Hillary Clinton for mishandling classified information was the right call because proof of intent was lacking.
GO Marine Le Pen: A Surprising Number of Gay Frenchmen Are with Her.
GO As France picks its next president on Sunday, National Front nominee Marine Le Pen, 48, enjoys significant support among an unlikely population: gay voters.
GO Comey: How We Got Here.
GO Comey had to sort out partisan messes that better judgment would have avoided.
GO James Comey Deserved to Be Fired .
GO Although President Donald J. Trump fired former FBI director James Comey this week, Obama should have sacked him last July.
GO How to Read the Newspaper.
GO I used to be a newspaper editor, a cog in the wheel of the dreaded “mainstream media.
GO Removing Trump via the 25th Amendment Is a Bad Idea.
GO In the New York Times on Wednesday, Ross Douthat used his customarily eloquent voice to endorse an idea that has bubbled below the surface since the latest round of crises began to rock the White House: The 25th Amendment to the Constitution, Douthat proposed, should be used to remove the president from office.
GO Returning to Twin Peaks.
GO What should we expect from Showtime’s Twin Peaks, the spectacularly unexpected reboot of the quirky,   mystery series that rose quickly and fell even more quickly over the course of two seasons on ABC in the early Nineties?
GO Trump’s Warm Welcome in the Middle East Is No Surprise.
GO ‘We just got back from the Middle East,” President Trump said to the president of Israel after his flight from Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, to Tel Aviv, which is also in the Middle East.
GO Sessions: There’s Not Going To Be A Trump Revolt At The Republican Convention - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” while discussing a movement among some delegates to the Republican convention to attempt to get presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump off the ballot, Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) declared there will not be a “revolt.
GO Rush Limbaugh: ’Stunned’ by Fox News Acting as if ’Jilted at the Altar’ - Breitbart.
GO Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh said the GOP frontrunner will own the entire GOP primary debate hosted by Fox News on Thursday night, even without being there.
GO Jordan: Police Shut Down Muslim Brotherhood Headquarters.
GO The Jordanian headquarters of the Islamist movement known as the Muslim Brotherhood (MB) has been shut down by law enforcement, various news outlets report.
GO Hillary Clinton: We Cannot End Terrorism Without Gun Control.
GO In response to questions from AARP Bulletin, Hillary Clinton made clear her position that to be successful, policies for ending terrorism must include gun control for all Americans.
GO Hillary Clinton Campaign Manager Admits 2008 Birther Link.
GO Patti Solis Doyle, who was Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager in 2008 until the Iowa caucuses, admitted on Friday that a Clinton campaign staffer had, in fact, circulated the Birther conspiracy theory that Barack Obama was born outside the U. S. and therefore potentially ineligible to serve in the presidency.
GO Report: Garth Brooks in Talks to Play Trump Inauguration - Breitbart.
GO Country singer Garth Brooks is in talks to play at   Donald Trump’s inauguration this January, Reuters reported.
GO Moms Demand Founder: Fighting To Take Away Gun Rights Is Dangerous Work - Breitbart.
GO On May 5 Moms Demand Action founder Shannon Watts wrote an   in which she suggested that fighting to take away gun rights is dangerous work.
GO Wayne LaPierre at CPAC: Hillary Clinton ’Couldn’t Pass a Polygraph,’ Wants to Set SCOTUS Litmus Test - Breitbart.
GO During his March 3 speech at CPAC, NRA executive vice president and CEO Wayne LaPierre lamented the death of Second Amendment bulwark Antonin Scalia and warned that Democrat presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton wants to set an   litmus test for Supreme Court justices going forward.
GO ‘Money Laundering Scheme’: Trump Adviser Reads from ‘Clinton Cash’ at Rally.
GO Presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s senior policy adviser, Stephen Miller, read from the book Clinton Cash by Peter Schweizer at a Trump campaign rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Tuesday evening.
GO Wikileaks: Clinton Campaign Saw Vox’s Ezra Klein as Attack Dog.
GO Top staffers in Hillary Clinton’s nascent presidential campaign saw Vox founder Ezra Klein as an ally who would help them “hold journalists accountable,” according to Wikileaks’ release of messages from John Podesta’s purported email accounts.
GO Rosie O’Donnell: Trump ’Isn’t Even Qualified to Run a Game Show’ - Breitbart.
GO Rosie O’Donnell reignited her   feud with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump Friday, saying the real estate mogul is “not even qualified to run a game show.
GO Schweizer on Hillary’s Email: The Story Keeps Changing and It Doesn’t Make Sense - Breitbart.
GO Friday on Fox New Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” while commenting on the State Department inspector general’s report that found Democratic   Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state, “Clinton Cash” author Peter Schweizer argued her “story keeps changing” and that “it doesn’t make sense.
GO Watch: Black Friday Protesters Disrupt Shopping Along Chicago’s Michigan Avenue - Breitbart.
GO On Friday, MSNBC covered Black Lives Matter activists and other protesters marching along Chicago’s Michigan Avenue to disrupt Black Friday shopping while demanding citizen oversight of the police department.
GO Paul Ryan Challenger Paul Nehlen: ’He Has Betrayed Us All’.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan’s Wisconsin primary opponent Paul Nehlen said of Ryan on Saturday, “He has betrayed us all, hasn’t he?
GO Ted Cruz: ‘We Are One Liberal Justice Away from a Five Justice Liberal Majority’.
GO “We are one liberal justice away from a five justice liberal majority, the likes of which this country has never seen,” 2016 presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz said Tuesday at the Red Arrow Diner in New Hampshire with radio hosts Andrew Wilkow and David Webb on The Wilkow Majority radio program on SiriusXM Patriot 125.
GO Report: Megyn Kelly Accuses Roger Ailes of Sexual Harassment.
GO Fox News star anchor Megyn Kelly has reportedly accused her former boss Roger Ailes of making sexually inappropriate comments to her and later sexually harassing her shortly after she first joined the cable news network in 2005.
GO Robert Redford Confirms He’s Still Alive After Twitter Death Hoax.
GO A publicist for Robert Redford has confirmed the   icon is alive and well after a hoax news report of his death circulated rapidly on Twitter on New Year’s Eve.
GO Angela Merkel Will ‘Stop Illegal Migration’.
GO After a series of shock defeats to the   migration AfD party, German Chancellor Angela Merkel has promised to “stop illegal immigration” and send failed asylum seekers back to their home nations.
GO London’s Muslim Mayor: Donald Trump Is Helping Islamic State.
GO London’s first elected Muslim mayor, Sadiq Khan, has accused U. S. Presidential candidate Donald Trump of “playing into the hands” of Islamic State terrorists.
GO Detroit Police Detective Demoted for Criticizing BLM on Facebook.
GO As cities across America suffered disruption, property destruction, and even the shooting and murders of police, a Detroit Police Department detective jumped to Facebook to criticize the Black Lives Matter protesters responsible for the mayhem.
GO Gennifer Flowers: I Had Sex With Bill Clinton In Gov. Mansion.
GO In a rare exclusive interview, Gennifer Flowers, who says she had a   affair with Bill Clinton, revealed details of what she says was her sex life with the former president.
GO Orlando Jihadi’s Father is a Taliban Supporter with a Youtube Show.
GO Seddique Mir Mateen, the father of Orlando mass murderer Omar Mateen, is a supporter of the Afghan Taliban with his own Youtube program, where he made radical   statements and proclaimed to run a campaign for president of Afghanistan from his Florida home.
GO Politico: Media Matters to Train Focus on Breitbart Instead of Fox News.
GO Politico’s Hadas Gold reports that the   Media Matters organization has pivoted its attack focus away from its old cable news nemesis Fox News and onto Breitbart News instead, as the left now views Breitbart as the greater emerging threat.
GO Clinton Campaign Manager Mook Doubles Down: ’A Lot’ of Trump Supporters Are ’Deplorable’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” while discussing an ad from Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump hitting Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s comments describing Trump’s supporters as “deplorables” driven by racist beliefs, Clinton’s campaign manager Robby Mook doubled down.
GO Hillary: I Have Experience Dealing with Men Like Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton is not worried about facing Donald Trump in the general election, she insists, citing her experience dealing with controversial men.
GO Megyn Kelly Omits Key Portion of Brad Thor Audio to Defend Glenn Beck - Breitbart.
GO While interviewing Glenn Beck about his suspension from SiriusXM, Fox News host Megyn Kelly omitted a crucial sentence in the audio of Beck’s interview with the author Brad Thor that led to the suspension.
GO Patrick Stewart Pays Homeless Man Not to Vote For Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO Patrick Stewart is so vehemently opposed to a Donald Trump presidency that he’s apparently paying people not to vote for him.
GO Upheld: ID Theft Laws Used by Sheriff Arpaio to Prosecute Illegal Aliens.
GO A federal district court judge in Arizona has upheld two identity theft laws used to prosecute illegal aliens in employment raids by Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
GO The Daily Show Suggests Christmas Gifts of Birth Control for Women - Breitbart.
GO The Daily Show is recommending Christmas gifts of all kinds of birth control for the special woman in your life, just before the Trump administration takes over in Washington, D. C. in January.
GO Tom Wheeler to Step Down as FCC Chairman on Day of Trump’s Inauguration - Breitbart.
GO FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler announced that he will be stepping down from his position at the FCC on January 20th, 2017, the same day that   Donald Trump takes office.
GO Paul: Trump’s ‘Delusions of Grandeur Have Him Saying He Can Shoot People’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday on “CNN Newsroom,” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said he is worried because his opponent Donald Trump’s “narcissism” and “delusions of grandeur” now have him “saying he can shoot people and people will still vote for him.
GO Wikileaks: Hillary Camp Chair Asked NYT to Call for ’Extradition’ of Cecil the Lion’s Hunter.
GO A Wikileaks email with the subject heading “Cecil the lion” reveals that Hillary Clinton presidential campaign chairman, John Podesta, asked a New York Times journalist to write an   calling for the extradition of Cecil’s killer.
GO ‘Hold Up!’ Obama Loses His Cool as North Carolina Crowd Shouts Down Trump Supporter - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama lost his cool in North Carolina after his supporters started shouting at an elderly Trump supporter who held up a sign signaling his support for the Republican candidate.
GO ABC’s Jim Avila: Castro Considered the ’George Washington of His Country Among Those Who Remain in Cuba’ - Breitbart.
GO Early Saturday on the news that Cuban dictator Fidel Castro has passed, ABC’s Jim Avila offered his thoughts on Castro, categorizing him as the “George Washington” of his country and “the conscience Cuba.
GO Loretta Lynch, Caught, Says She Would Not Meet Bill Clinton Again.
GO Attorney General Loretta Lynch told Jonathan Capehart of the Washington Post on Friday that she regretted her decision to meet former President Bill Clinton secretly in her official airplane at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix on Tuesday.
GO SEN. Marco Rubio Denies ‘False’ Report Of Mitt Romney Endorsement - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Marco Rubio denied a report from the Huffington Post that former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney was expected to endorse him for president.
GO Silicon Valley Venture Capitalist Accused of Sexually Abusing Ex-Stripper for 13 Years - Breitbart.
GO Michael Goguen, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist who has helped fund Paypal and Google projects, has been accused of abusing   Amber Laurel Baptiste for over 13 years.
GO Bo Dietl: Obama Has ’Divided’ the U.S..
GO Former NYPD detective Bo Dietl told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannn that there is no leadership with President Barack Obama: “You have no leadership.
GO 58th Presidential Inauguration to be Celebrated over Five Days - Breitbart.
GO The 58th Presidential Inauguration will be celebrated over the span of five days, from Tuesday Jan. 17 through Saturday Jan. 21, with various events open to the public.
GO Shailene Woodley Arrested During Dakota Pipeline Protest.
GO Actress Shailene Woodley was arrested Monday morning and charged with criminal trespassing and engaging in a riot while protesting the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline.
GO Argentina’s Former President May Be Indicted for Money Laundering.
GO Former President of Argentina Cristina Fernández de Kirchner may be indicted in a sprawling money laundering case should the judge presiding accept federal prosecutor Guillermo Marijuan’s request to bring her into the investigation.
GO Donald Trump Confirms James ’Mad Dog’ Mattis as Secretary of Defense - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump confirmed earlier reports that he has tapped retired Marine Gen. James Mattis as his secretary of defense during his “Thank You Tour” event in Cincinnati, Ohio on Thursday night.
GO Barack Obama Warns Black Lives Matter ’Rhetoric,’ Violence, May Stop His Takeover of State, Local Police - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama is warning his angry supporters that more violence and “rhetoric” by the Black Lives Matter movement could derail his campaign to federalize state and local police forces.
GO Krauthammer: New Hampshire Will Be ’Cannibalism of the Mainstream Candidates’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer said the Republican presidential primary next week in New Hampshire will turn into “cannibalism of the mainstream candidates” because Chris Christie, Jeb Bush, John Kasich will all be looking to knock Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) down a notch after his   Iowa caucus showing.
GO Ohio Sheriff: ’If You Are Fearful, Arm Yourself’ - Breitbart.
GO In the wake of the mass murder of eight members of the Rhoden family in Ohio, Piketon County Sheriff Charles Reader told county residents, “If you are fearful, arm yourself.
GO Orlando Terrorist Supported Hillary Clinton to Stop Donald Trump.
GO Orlando terrorist Omar Mateen supported presumptive Democratic nominee for president Hillary Rodham Clinton because he opposed the presidential candidacy of presumptive GOP nominee Donald J. Trump.
GO Trump: ‘Absolutely’ Possible I’d Be Treated Unfairly By a Muslim Judge - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” while discussing his concerned over U. S. District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel’s Mexican heritage causing him to be bias in the Trump University case, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said it is “absolutely’ possible he could be be treated unfairly by a Muslim judge because of his proposed temporary ban on Muslims entering the country.
GO RealClearPolitics: After 8 Years of Obama, GOP ‘Strongest It’s Been in 80 Years’.
GO After analyzing the electoral strength of both political parties on the national and state level, Sean Trende and David Byler of RealClearPolitics conclude that after 8 years of Barack Obama’s presidency, the Republican Party “is in the strongest position it has been in since 1928.
GO IBD/TIPP Tracking Poll: Trump Leads Clinton with 43 Percent Support - Breitbart.
GO The daily   tracking poll, updated Sunday, shows Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton 43 percent to 41 percent in a race that also includes   candidates.
GO Paul Ryan Shouted Down by Trump Supporters in Wisconsin - Breitbart.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan was shouted down by chants of “Trump” at his Fall Fest event Saturday in Wisconsin.
GO Zika Virus Found in Danish Tourist Returning From South America.
GO A Danish tourist returning from Latin America has been diagnosed with the Zika virus, which has been blamed for a surge in birth defects in the region, triggering a major health scare.
GO FLASHBACK: How the Clinton Campaign Demonized Clinton ’Conspiracists’ While Praising the FBI - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton’s campaign chief John Podesta called today’s decision by FBI Director James Comey to   the investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s private email server “extraordinary,” in an apparent change of heart since the Clinton campaign praised Comey’s decision to clear her of any wrongdoing back in July.
GO Christian Home Targeted In Bangladesh Bomb Attack.
GO Unidentified attackers hurled crude bombs at the home of a Christian family in Bangladesh on Tuesday leaving two people injured, police said, amid rising attacks on religious minorities in the   nation.
GO Florida Senate Candidate Drops Out, Opening Space for Marco Rubio.
GO Florida Republican Representative David Jolly has dropped out the race to replace Sen. Marco Rubio in the Senate, freeing up more space for Rubio to change his mind about running again for his Senate seat.
GO Istanbul attack: Dozens killed at nightclub.
GO Istanbul (CNN) At least 39 people were killed and at least 69 wounded in an attack in a nightclub early Sunday as they were celebrating the new year, Turkey’s Interior Minister said.
GO Herschel Walker: RG3, Johnny Manziel Can Still Play - Breitbart.
GO TMZ Sports spoke with former star NFL running back Herschel Walker, who said he still thinks free agent quarterbacks and fellow former Heisman winners Robert Griffin III and Johnny Manziel can play in the league.
GO Virginia State Trooper Died from Gunshot Wounds Sustained at Bus Terminal Shooting.
GO A Virginia State Police trooper has died from his wounds received in a shooting at a Greyhound Bus Terminal in Richmond.
GO Howard Stern: The Handgun Is ’The Great Equalizer’.
GO During the April 11 airing of The Howard Stern Show on Sirius XM, Howard Stern told a caller that the handgun is “the great equalizer.
GO Pope Francis in Greece: ‘We Are All Migrants’ - Breitbart.
GO In his   visit to meet migrants and refugees on the Greek island of Lesbos Saturday, Pope Francis expressed his conviction that “we are all migrants” as he greeted the many   awaiting word regarding the processing of their cases.
GO Watch: Reverend Paul Scalia Delivers Touching Homily at Father’s Funeral - Breitbart.
GO At his father’s funeral Mass, Reverend Paul Scalia delivered a homily for Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last week at the age of 79.
GO Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to Obamacare - Breitbart.
GO More than 250, 000 people in North Carolina are set to lose their healthcare plans under Obamacare due to two of the state’s three insurers dropping out of the exchange.
GO Giuliani: Black People Must Teach Their Children To Be Respectful To The Police - Breitbart.
GO Sunday, on CBS’ “Face the Nation,” while commenting on the recent police shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota and a sniper targeting and killing five Dallas police officers, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani (R) said   must, “teach your children to be respectful to the police, and you’ve got to teach your children that the real danger to them is not the police, the real danger to them, 99 out of 100 times, 9, 900 out of 1, 000 times are other black kids who are going to kill them.
GO Granderson: ’If You Bring in Omarosa, You Aren’t Serious About Trying To Get The Black Vote’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” ESPN commentator L. Z. Granderson said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was not “serious” about getting the black vote because one of his campaign surrogates is Omarosa Manigault, who was a contestant on the first season of “The Apprentice.
GO April Ryan: Blocking Garland Is ’Blacklash’ ’Some on the Hill’ Don’t Like First Black President - Breitbart.
GO American Urban Radio Networks White House Correspondent and Washington Bureau Chief April Ryan stated that the blocking of Supreme Court nominee Judge Merrick Garland is “blacklash” and “some on the Hill” don’t like that the first black president is in the White House on Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball.
GO Donald Trump: Candidates Called, Want to Join My Event - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump, who is boycotting the Fox News GOP debate tonight, says two candidates have called and want to attend the event for veterans that Trump is holding instead.
GO Brad Thor Denies He Was Talking About an Assassination Attempt on Trump - Breitbart.
GO Fiction author Brad Thor denied that he was referring to an assassination attempt on Donald Trump in his controversial recent comments on Glenn Beck’s radio program.
GO Media Finally Admit Credibility Problem, Trust Crisis.
GO Several top reporters at establishment media outlets are finally admitting, more than two weeks after the election, that their industry has a credibility problem and has much work to do to regain the trust of their readers in the wake of Republican Donald J. Trump’s landslide electoral college victory over Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton.
GO BBC Sack Award Winning Comedian for Being ’White and Male’.
GO The BBC has let go a   award winning comedian from Radio 4 because he was “white and male” and therefore didn’t fit in with diversity targets, he has claimed.
GO Peter Thiel Wants to Serve Trump Administration as Technology Adviser - Breitbart.
GO Tech entrepreneur and   of PayPal Peter Thiel suggested that he will work for the Trump administration as an informal adviser on subjects such as technology and innovation.
GO Clinton Campaign Manager Downplays FBI ‘Quid Pro Quo’ Scandal, Calls Donald Trump a ’Loser’ - Breitbart.
GO Speaking to reporters on a conference call Monday morning, Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook attempted to downplay the “quid pro quo” scandal surrounding the use of Clinton’s use of private email servers, while unleashing attacks against Donald Trump.
GO Breitbart’s Aaron Klein Reveals: Steve Bannon Pushed Me to Expose Anti-Semitism on U.S. College Campuses - Breitbart.
GO During a national radio interview on Wednesday night, Breitbart Jerusalem bureau chief Aaron Klein revealed specific instances in which he says Steve Bannon encouraged him to cover stories exposing   and   trends on U. S. college campuses.
GO Mickey Kaus: Rubio Is the Republican John Edwards - Breitbart.
GO   blogger Mickey Kaus highlighted Marco Rubio’s penchant for dodging questions by retreating to his memorized stump speech and labeled the   candidate the Republican John Edwards.
GO Joy Behar: If Electors Are Patriotic Americans They Should Vote Against Trump - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on ABC’s “The View”   Joy Behar proposed an effort to “stop Trump with the Electoral College” and urged the electors to vote against   Donald Trump in the name of patriotism.
GO Corey Lewandowski on Hillary Clinton: Even Her Base Doesn’t Want Her - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski joined guest host Matthew Boyle on Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM Channel 125 and slammed likely Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton as a flawed candidate saying, “Even her base doesn’t want her.
GO Trump Campaign: Clinton Foundation Should Be ’Shut Down’ Over Hezbollah Link - Breitbart.
GO The Trump campaign is pouncing on a report that a Clinton Foundation donor, Nigerian billionaire Gilbert Chagoury, is allegedly connected to the Hezbollah terrorist organization.
GO Gary Johnson: Trump Policies ‘Insanity,’ Defends Holocaust Comparison - Breitbart.
GO Monday on CNN’s “The Lead,” Libertarian Party presidential candidate and former governor of New Mexico Gary Johnson defended former Massachusetts governor and current vice presidential nominee on the Libertarian party ticket William Weld saying presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s immigration policy is like the infamous Kristallnacht night of the Holocaust.
GO Lester Holt Asked Trump 15 Questions, Clinton 2 Questions - Breitbart.
GO A close analysis of the transcript of the first presidential debate on Monday night shows that moderator Lester Holt of NBC News asked 15 questions exclusively of Republican nominee Donald Trump, and only 2 questions exclusively of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
GO Mike Pence Throws Down: Charlotte Protesters Have ’No Right to Engage in Violence Against Our Citizens or Our Police’ - Breitbart.
GO As he appeared before supporters in Colorado Springs, Colorado, Republican Vice Presidential nominee Mike Pence said the rioters in Charlotte, North Carolina, have every right to protest but no right at all to engage in violence.
GO Blackwater Founder Erik Prince on the Milo Show: I Like It That Trump Has Been Bankrupt... That’s Capitalism - Breitbart.
GO Former Blackwater CEO and U. S. Navy SEAL veteran Erik Prince joined Breitbart’s Milo Yiannopoulos during the latest episode of The Milo Yiannopoulos Show to discuss Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and why he’s supporting him.
GO Trending Turkish Twitter Hashtag: ’I Don’t Want Syrians in My Country’ - Breitbart.
GO The hashtag #ÜlkemdeSuriyeliİstemiyorum, which translates to “I don’t want Syrians in my country,” became a trending item on Twitter on July 3 in response to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan’s announcement that millions of Syrian refugees living in the country would be granted citizenship.
GO Pat Robertson: Trump ’Like the Phoenix’ Because He Came Back Strong, Won Debate - Breitbart.
GO On his Monday broadcast of “The 700 Club,” host televangelist Pat Robertson declared Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump the winner of Sunday’s debate, calling him the Phoenix because he came back when everyone thought he was dead.
GO Rolling Stone Publisher Apologizes to ex-UVA Dean Who Sued Magazine for Defamation - Breitbart.
GO Rolling Stone publisher Jann Wenner apologized in a recorded testimony to the former University of Virginia dean who is suing the magazine for defamation but said he disagreed with the decision to retract the campus rape story, it was revealed at the defamation hearing Friday.
GO Krauthammer: Debate Moment To Slow Down Trump ’Simply Didn’t Happen,’ Seems Trump’s Opponents ’Out of Bullets’ - Breitbart.
GO Columnist Charles Krauthammer stated that the CNN Republican debate in Miami “[T]he kind of thing that would have been needed, to slow down the Trump train, simply didn’t happen” and was one where he got the impression that ” the Trump opponents, had run out of bullets” on Thursday’s “Kelly File” on the Fox News Channel after the debate.
GO Ted Cruz Campaign Directly Engineered Georgia Delegate Coup - Breitbart.
GO Ted Cruz and his campaign directly engineered the statewide coup this weekend that led to   delegate candidates being voted down in districts that he won in landslides.
GO Trans Actress to ’Piss In All the Wrong Bathrooms’ During North Carolina Tour - Breitbart.
GO A transgender actress and activist preparing to embark on a traveling performance tour of North Carolina plans to take photos of herself urinating “in all the wrong bathrooms” to protest the state’s recent passage of what critics have called an   bathroom law.
GO Box Office Analysts: George Clooney Headed for Another Flop with ’Money Monster’ - Breitbart.
GO George Clooney is headed for another flop with his latest film, the Jodie   financial thriller Money Monster, box office analysts predict.
GO Mike Pence: Donald Trump ’Loves His Family and He Loves This Country’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican Vice Presidential nominee Mike Pence tells congregants at the Living Word Bible Church in Mesa, Arizona about his own family values and those echoed in the Republican Party, while praising Donald Trump for his integrity and character.
GO Watch: Police Help Charlotte Business Owners Clean Up Riot Damage.
GO Police officers in Charlotte, North Carolina stood guard Thursday morning and helped local business owners clean up from damage they sustained during violent riots on Wednesday night.
GO LA Times Columnist: Whites Must Dump Donald Trump in 2016.
GO Los Angeles Times “Black Twitter” correspondent Dexter Thomas has a New Year’s resolution for white people: dump Donald Trump.
GO PICTURES: Islamic State Celebrates Reported Recapture Of Palmyra.
GO The Islamic State organization published pictures of activists celebrating the reported recapture of the ancient city of Palmyra in central Syria.
GO Paul Ryan: ‘Yes,’ I Have A Soul - Breitbart.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan tells Jay Weber on   talk radio that he does, indeed, have a soul.
GO Slovakia to Send Police to Help Macedonia Guard its Border.
GO Slovakia will send 25 police officers to help Macedonia guard the Balkan country’s borders strained by migrants flooding to the European Union, Prime Minister Robert Fico said on Tuesday.
GO Texas Senator Ted Cruz Urges Conservatives to Vote Straight Republican Ticket - Breitbart.
GO Speaking to reporters on Monday night, Texas Republican Senator and   GOP candidate for president Ted Cruz reported that he voted a straight Republican ticket.
GO Krauthammer: Obama Will Be Seen As Someone Who ’Destroyed His Presidency With Liberal Overreach’ - Breitbart.
GO On Monday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” columnist Charles Krauthammer stated that President Obama will be viewed as someone “who completely destroyed his presidency with liberal overreach, beginning with Obamacare.
GO FBI: Islamic State and Al-Qaeda Inspired Ohio State Attacker.
GO The Somali college student who used a vehicle and a butcher knife to attack people at Ohio State University (OSU) this week was inspired by the Islamic State ( ) and deceased     cleric Anwar   according to the FBI.
GO Van Jones: ’There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall’ - It Has to Do With Trade - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State Of The Union,” former Obama administration green jobs czar and network contributor Van Jones said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is worried about rust belt states like Michigan, which are normally solid Democrat, because he said there was “a crack in the blue wall” that has to do with trade.
GO Benghazi Victim’s Father: Clinton ’Directly Responsible For the Death of My Son,’ Should Apologize for Lying To Us and Public - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of “CNN Newsroom,” Charles Woods, whose son, Tyrone, was killed in the 2012 Benghazi terror attack, stated that Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton should apologize “for lying to the American families who lost their loved ones, as well as to the American public.
GO Farage: The West Needs A ’Democratic Renaissance’ To Put The People Back In Charge.
GO Talking on Breitbart News Daily this morning, UKIP MEP Nigel Farage told host and Breitbart London    Raheem Kassam that the West needs a “democratic renaissance” in order to put the people back in power.
GO Wayne LaPierre at CPAC: Media Mocked Calls for Good Guys with Guns in Schools, But Parents Embraced It - Breitbart.
GO During his March 3 speech at CPAC, NRA executive vice president and CEO Wayne LaPierre reminded audience members of how the media mocked his call for good guys with guns in schools following the attack on Sandy Hook Elementary, yet parents embraced the suggestion.
GO Cruz: Trump The Only Person on The Face Of The Planet That Hillary Can Beat - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said of his opponent Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump that he was the only person “that Hillary Clinton can beat.
GO Anderson Cooper: ‘Hypocritical’ to Oppose Both Gay Marriage AND Orlando Massacre.
GO CNN journalist and gay activist Anderson Cooper said that a person like Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi is a “hypocrite” for opposing gay marriage while simultaneously denouncing the slaughter of 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando.
GO Jihadi Junior’s Mother Believed She Was Possessed by Spirits Sent by Allah, Had Exorcism.
GO The British mother of “Jihadi Junior” underwent an exorcism because she thought she was possessed by evil spirits sent by Allah, according to new reports.
GO Islamic Victim’s Rights Campaigner Banned from Facebook for Islamophobia.
GO The founder of a support group for victims of Islamic sexual grooming gangs has been banned from Facebook for 30 days after she posted a video calling out the media for focusing on Islamophobia in the wake of a wave of Islamic terrorist attacks.
GO Evidence In Child Porn Case Thrown Out Because FBI Won’t Disclose Hacking Methods - Breitbart.
GO A particularly squeamish battle in the ongoing struggle between privacy and security comes from Washington State, where U. S. District Judge Robert J. Bryan has thrown out evidence in a child pornography case because the FBI will not divulge the hacking techniques it employed to obtain the evidence.
GO Restaurant Owner Refuses Service to Anyone Who Owns an AR-15.
GO Anne Verrill, owner of Grace restaurant in Maine, is refusing service to anyone who owns an   or even supports the idea of owning one.
GO NYT: FBI Obtained New Clinton Emails from Huma Abedin, Anthony Weiner Devices - Breitbart.
GO The New York Times reports that the F. B. I. obtained new Hillary Clinton emails after seizing electronic devices from Anthony Weiner and his wife Huma Abedin.
GO Dana Perino Defends Facebook-Conservative Summit, Says Her Followers Aren’t Interested in Trending News Scandal - Breitbart.
GO FOX News pundit Dana Perino, who is set to meet Facebook representatives alongside Glenn Beck and other conservatives, has said that none of her social media followers are particularly concerned by the social media platform’s ongoing Trending News scandal.
GO Donald Trump on Vicente Fox: ’I Accept His Apology’ - Breitbart.
GO During his campaign rally in West Virginia on Thursday night, Donald Trump responded to Breitbart News’s recent interview with former Mexican President Vicente Fox in California on Wednesday, in which Fox apologized for using vulgar language about Trump and invited him to Mexico.
GO Cruz To Trump: ’Not a Lot of Conservatives Come Out of Manhattan’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidates Texas Senator Ted Cruz told fellow candidate Donald Trump “not a lot of conservatives come out of Manhattan” during Thursday’s GOP primetime debate on the Fox Business Network.
GO Kristol: Trump Knows Deep in His Heart He Shouldn’t Be President - Breitbart.
GO Friday on MSNBC, while discussing Monday night’s upcoming presidential debate between Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol said Trump knows “deep in his heart he shouldn’t be president of the United States.
GO Melania Trump convention speech seems to plagiarise Michelle Obama.
GO A number of lines in the robustly applauded speech delivered by Melania Trump at the Republican national convention on Monday night appear to have been lifted verbatim from a speech Michelle Obama delivered at the 2008 Democratic convention.
GO iPhone 7 being investigated after surfer claims it set his car on fire.
GO Apple is investigating a report from an Australian man who claimed his iPhone 7 caught fire and destroyed his car, the company said on Friday.
GO After the election of Donald Trump, we will not mourn. We will organize.
GO In my country, the   and the   have just created President Donald Trump, an unqualified candidate who came up not through politics, but through inheriting money, a gift for bullying, and being on television.
GO Coast guard suspends search for Florida sailboat family as bodies identified.
GO The US coast guard on Saturday suspended the search for a Florida family last seen on a sailboat in the Gulf of Mexico.
GO Loretta Lynch: Bill Clinton meeting ’cast shadow’ over email server investigation.
GO Loretta Lynch, the US attorney general, acknowledged on Friday that her meeting with Bill Clinton this week had “cast a shadow” over the justice department’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state.
GO Michelle Williams set for Janis Joplin biopic.
GO Michelle Williams is in early talks to take on the role of rock icon Janis Joplin in a new biopic directed by Sean Durkin, the director of Martha Marcy May Marlene.
GO Trevor Noah on Trump’s America: ’Divided people are easier to rule’.
GO Trevor Noah has compared Donald Trump’s America to South African apartheid in a new essay for the New York Times.
GO Fake news story prompts Pakistan to issue nuclear warning to Israel.
GO A fake news story has touched off a Twitter confrontation between nuclear powers Pakistan and Israel, the latest disturbing incident of fabricated stories having a serious impact in the real world.
GO Gonzalo Higuaín seals £75.3m move from Napoli to Juventus.
GO Gonzalo Higuaín has become the third most expensive player in history after signing for Juventus from Napoli in a deal worth €90m (£75.
GO Republican lawmaker: call for Hillary Clinton execution was ’hyperbole’.
GO A West Virginia Republican lawmaker said on Sunday his comments made on Twitter calling for Hillary Clinton’s public execution were not meant to be taken literally.
GO ’Nano-machines’ win European trio chemistry Nobel prize.
GO A European trio of chemists have won the Nobel prize in chemistry for developing “ ” an advance that paved the way for the world’s first smart materials.
GO Miss USA 2001 contestant: Trump barged into room when we were naked.
GO Donald Trump deliberately walked in on two young Miss USA 2001 contestants while they were naked and getting dressed for a rehearsal, one of the former beauty contestants has claimed in an interview with the Guardian.
GO United Nations summit criticised over planning to handle global refugee crisis.
GO The planned outcome document for next week’s United Nations summit on refugees falls short of what is needed to deal with the global crisis, according to two prominent human rights groups.
GO Intelligence figures fear Trump reprisals over assessment of Russia election role.
GO Legislators overseeing the CIA and other intelligence agencies have told the Guardian they will be vigilant about reprisals from Donald Trump over an internal assessment that Russia intervened in the 2016 election to ensure Trump’s victory.
GO Jo Cox murder suspect tells court his name is ’death to traitors, freedom for Britain’.
GO Thomas Mair has given his name as “death to traitors, freedom for Britain” during his appearance in court charged with the murder of Labour MP Jo Cox.
GO San Jose Mercury News says sorry for ’insensitive’ Simone Manuel headline.
GO The San Jose Mercury News has apologised for what it conceded was an “insensitive” headline after Simone Manuel won a historic swimming gold on Thursday night.
GO Police killing of Alton Sterling to be investigated by Department of Justice.
GO The fatal police shooting of an African American man by white officers in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, will be investigated by the US Department of Justice’s civil rights division, after disturbing cellphone video of the incident emerged on Tuesday.
GO Dealing with workplace sexism – What would a feminist do? – podcast.
GO Subscribe via iTunes, Audioboom, Mixcloud, Soundcloud, Acast, Stitcher, While women have been gaining rights in the past decades, workplace sexism still exists in many insidious forms.
GO LSD’s impact on the brain revealed in groundbreaking images.
GO The profound impact of LSD on the brain has been laid bare by the first modern scans of people high on the drug.
GO Texas officer shot black man as he walked away, dashcam video suggests.
GO A police dashcam video appears to show a Texas officer shooting a black man as he is walking away from the officer and not posing any immediate threat.
GO US teenage birth rates fall again but still among highest in developed world.
GO Teenage birth rates continue to fall in the US, though the country’s rate remains much higher than those in other developed countries, according to new data released on Wednesday.
GO Bob Dylan makes no mention of Nobel prize as he takes to the stage.
GO   Nobel laureate Bob Dylan kept cool as a cucumber on stage in Las Vegas, barely speaking a word to the audience in his first public performance since winning the coveted prize.
GO Newspapers shouldn’t apologize for telling the truth about Donald Trump.
GO Did you hear about the Florida newspaper that apologized to its readers for running too much news that was critical of Donald Trump?
GO Probiotic goods a ’waste of money’ for healthy adults, research suggests.
GO Fans of probiotic drinks and foods may be wasting their money, according to a review of current research into the supplements that suggests they may be of no benefit to healthy adults.
GO Lionel Messi handed 21-month tax fraud sentence but is unlikely to serve time.
GO Lionel Messi and his father Jorge have been sentenced to 21 months in prison for tax fraud, but the Barcelona forward is not expected to spend any time behind bars.
GO Bob Dylan criticised as ’impolite and arrogant’ by Nobel academy member.
GO A prominent member of the academy that awards the Nobel literature prize has described this year’s laureate, Bob Dylan, as arrogant, citing his total silence since the award was announced last week.
GO Mexico’s war on drugs: what has it achieved and how is the US involved?.
GO On 10 December 2006, the newly inaugurated president, Felipe Calderón, launched Mexico’s war on drugs by sending 6, 500 troops into his home state of Michoacán, where rival cartels were engaged in    massacres as they battled over lucrative territory.
GO The day my brother was taken.
GO 1973: My last memory of my brother Jon was my most suspect.
GO Fidel Castro: leader proves as divisive in death as he was in life.
GO Fidel Castro proved as divisive in death as he was in life, with enemies and admirers agreed only on his place in the history books, as a towering figure who transformed a small Caribbean island into a major force in world affairs.
GO Andrew Luck signs $140m contract extension with Indianapolis Colts.
GO Andrew Luck, the Indianapolis Colts’ quarterback, has signed a contract extension through 2021, which, reports suggest, will make him the   player in the NFL.
GO Opioid epidemic: ex-DEA official says Congress is protecting drug makers.
GO A former top Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) official has accused Congress of putting pharmaceutical company profits ahead of public health in the battle to combat the US’s prescription opioid epidemic.
GO Dakota Access pipeline company and Donald Trump have close financial ties.
GO Donald Trump’s close financial ties to Energy Transfer Partners, operators of the controversial Dakota Access oil pipeline, have been laid bare, with the presidential candidate invested in the company and receiving more than $100, 000 in campaign contributions from its chief executive.
GO José Mourinho set to be appointed Manchester United manager next week.
GO José Mourinho is set to be appointed the new Manchester United manager in the next few days after agreeing a deal to take over from Louis van Gaal.
GO Mars lander lost signal one minute before landing, ESA confirms.
GO It travelled half a billion kilometres across the solar system, deployed its parachute flawlessly and survived a scorching descent through the Martian atmosphere, but the European Space Agency (ESA) has confirmed that its ExoMars lander was lost just one minute before it touched down on the surface of the red planet.
GO White House says FBI is investigating hack of 1bn Yahoo user accounts.
GO The FBI is investigating the attack on Yahoo that compromised at least 1bn user accounts, the White House said on Thursday.
GO What can be done to prevent Berlin-style attacks in modern cities?.
GO The Berlin lorry attack on Monday that killed 12 people and injured 48 others raises a pressing question for security services across the world: what can be done to stop such attacks?
GO Refugees in Greek camps targeted by mafia gangs.
GO Fresh evidence is emerging that refugees stranded in camps across Greece are falling victim to rising levels of vice peddled by mafia gangs who see the entrapped migrants as perfect prey for prostitution, drug trafficking and human smuggling.
GO Derrick Rose testifies he suspected his accuser was going to claim he raped her.
GO Derrick Rose testified on Tuesday that he had a hunch his   was going to claim he raped her after he and two friends had sex with her.
GO Mexican authorities investigating reports of a tiger sighting.
GO Mexican authorities are investigating reports of a tiger sighting nine months after another Bengal tiger escaped into a mangrove forest in another part of the country and was never recaptured.
GO NFL round-up: Le’Veon Bell sets Steelers record in win over Bills.
GO Le’Veon Bell scored three times and set a franchise record with 236 yards rushing in finding traction on a slick,   field, leading the Pittsburgh Steelers to a   win over the Buffalo Bills on Sunday afternoon.
GO F Scott Fitzgerald’s last unpublished stories to be released in 2017.
GO Eighty years after they were written, the last complete unpublished stories by The Great Gatsby author F Scott Fitzgerald will be released next spring.
GO Ruth Bader Ginsburg told the truth about Donald Trump – just as she should.
GO The political class is pretending to be shocked that supreme court justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is openly criticizing Donald Trump, but she has something to teach Republicans about their   .
GO What next for Maria Sharapova as she prepares to appeal against her drug ban?.
GO Maria Sharapova will not be at Wimbledon this month, nor will she be at peace with herself for a little while yet, because the battle the Russian has chosen to join in pursuit of clearing her name as a drug cheat will drag on well into the summer.
GO White House dismisses Trump claim that flag burners should be imprisoned.
GO The White House has repudiated Donald Trump’s assertion that protesters who burn the American flag should potentially be imprisoned or stripped of their citizenship.
GO Black box data from EgyptAir flight MS804 shows smoke alarms sounded.
GO Data from one of the black boxes of a crashed EgyptAir plane showed smoke alarms had sounded on board, while soot was found on the wreckage, an   investigative committee has said.
GO Johnny Depp says Barnaby Joyce looks like he’s ’inbred with a tomato’.
GO Johnny Depp has said the Australian deputy PM and agriculture minister, Barnaby Joyce, looks like he’s “inbred with a tomato” as he continues to mock the apology he made with his wife, Amber Heard, for smuggling their two dogs into Australia.
GO Harvard men’s soccer team apologizes ’for harm to women everywhere’.
GO The Harvard men’s soccer team has apologized for sexual comments made about members of the women’s soccer team that led the Ivy League school to suspend the men’s team for the rest of the season.
GO Ellen DeGeneres: family is not about blood relations.
GO Her new film may chart the obsession of a   blue tang fish looking to be reunited with her parents, but actor and talkshow host Ellen DeGeneres says family is not “about blood relations” but about a place of “support”.
GO Virginia city to pay $1m to avert lawsuit in William Chapman police shooting.
GO The city of Portsmouth, Virginia, has agreed to pay the family of William Chapman $1m to avert a civil lawsuit over the unarmed black   ’s fatal shooting by a police officer.
GO Guards for North Dakota pipeline could be charged for using dogs on activists.
GO Private security guards who deployed dogs on protesters at a North Dakota oil pipeline demonstration were not properly licensed and could face criminal charges, according to a local investigation.
GO Stadium plan to lure Oakland Raiders to Las Vegas passes major vote.
GO A plan to build an NFL stadium in Las Vegas and lure the Raiders from Oakland crossed a major hurdle Thursday when a Nevada oversight committee voted unanimously to recommend $750m in public funding for the project.
GO Senator Al Franken accuses Donald Trump of launching antisemitic TV ad.
GO The Democratic senator for Minnesota, Al Franken, has accused Donald Trump of launching an antisemitic TV advertisement along the lines of the fake Protocols of the Elders of Zion.
GO Alton Sterling shooting: new footage appears to show police taking gun from body.
GO New footage of the fatal police shooting of Alton Sterling in Louisiana shows that a police officer pulled what appears to be a gun out of the   ’s right pocket after he had been fatally shot.
GO Harry Potter and the Cursed Child could soon go worldwide, says JK Rowling.
GO As Harry Potter and the Cursed Child opens in the West End of London, author JK Rowling has said the production could soon go global.
GO Kanye West may have broken the law by recording Taylor Swift call.
GO Kanye West could face legal action and even criminal prosecution as a result of his feud with Taylor Swift if it turns out he secretly recorded a phone call with her in California, according to legal experts.
GO Russia and Ukraine step up security amid tension over Crimea.
GO Russia and Ukraine stepped up security on the de facto border between Crimea and mainland Ukraine on Thursday, a day after Moscow accused Kiev of planning terror attacks on the peninsula.
GO The Gilmore Girls are back: what we learned from the revival’s first trailer.
GO The most remarkable thing about the first trailer for Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life, is how good it looks.
GO Ana Ivanovic announces retirement from tennis at age of 29.
GO Ana Ivanovic, the former world No1 and 2008 French Open champion, has retired from tennis at the age of 29, the Serb confirmed on Wednesday.
GO Yes, you can actually work yourself to death. But is that a surprise?.
GO When I was 16 years old, I lied about my age and got a job working in the Hostess Twinkie factory in Natick, Massachusetts.
GO Former EPA head admits she was wrong to tell New Yorkers post-9/11 air was safe.
GO Christine Todd Whitman, who as head of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) under George W Bush at the time of the   attacks told the public the air around Ground Zero in New York was safe to breathe, has admitted for the first time she was wrong.
GO Cluck you: Bolivia rejects Bill Gates’ donation of hens.
GO The Bolivian government has rejected a donation of hens offered by the US billionaire Bill Gates, as officials said the tech magnate needs to study up on the Andean nation’s thriving poultry sector.
GO City of Orlando buys Pulse nightclub to turn it into memorial for victims.
GO The city of Orlando is to buy Pulse nightclub and turn it into a memorial to the 49 people who were murdered there on 12 June, in the deadliest mass shooting in US history.
GO Trump will still face conflicts of interest after leaving his business, experts say.
GO Donald Trump will continue to face serious and unprecedented conflicts of interest as US president if he merely steps aside from running his businesses, legal and ethical experts said on Wednesday.
GO Gareth Bale: we know Belgium, we might even be their bogey team.
GO Gareth Bale was spotted in a Dinard cafe enjoying a milkshake the other day, taking a short break from the team hotel to inspect the Brittany resort where Wales have stationed themselves for the tournament.
GO Sugar lobby paid scientists to blur sugar’s role in heart disease – report.
GO Influential research that downplayed the role of sugar in heart disease in the 1960s was paid for by the sugar industry, according to a report released on Monday.
GO UK defence secretary tells US only Nato can deter Russian threat.
GO British defence secretary Sir Michael Fallon, making the first trip across the Atlantic by a UK cabinet minister since Donald Trump won the election, told the incoming administration that Russia presented a real threat that only Nato could deter.
GO A Story Of Crisis And Resilience, Told Through Music .
GO Music in Exile is a recording project that collects songs and stories from people displaced by humanitarian crisis.
GO Trump Advisers Assess Whether To Keep FBI Director James Comey.
GO Advisers to   Donald Trump are considering whether to retain FBI Director James Comey after the agency became an issue in one of the most divisive campaigns in modern history, three sources told NPR.
GO After Powerful Quake, Tourists, Residents (And Cows) Stranded In New Zealand.
GO After a powerful earthquake struck New Zealand on Sunday, several vital railroads and highways have been destroyed, stranding more than a thousand people in the affected region.
GO Paul Ryan Renominated By Republicans As Speaker.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan has been unanimously   by his party to continue to serve as speaker in the 115th Congress.
GO Minn. Police Officer Who Killed Philando Castile Is Charged With Manslaughter.
GO The police officer who shot and killed Philando Castile in a St. Paul, Minn. suburb in July has been charged with   manslaughter.
GO New York Attorney General Says Trump Agrees To Trump University Settlement.
GO A $25 million settlement agreement has been reached in the civil fraud lawsuits against   Donald Trump and Trump University, according to New York’s state attorney general.
GO ’Hamilton’ To Pence: ’We Are The Diverse America Who Are Alarmed’ .
GO Vice   Mike Pence was presumably seeking a quiet night out at the theater, enjoying one of Broadway’s hottest tickets with a Friday night performance of Hamilton: An American Musical.
GO Nina Diaz Is On The Other Side.
GO Nina Diaz joined the punk band Girl in a Coma when she was just 13 years old.
GO At Least 133 Killed In Northern India Train Derailment.
GO In the early hours of Sunday morning, a passenger train veered off track in northern India, killing at least 133 people, police say.
GO Tsunami Warning Lifted After Earthquake Off Japan’s Coast .
GO Updated 1:15 a. m. ET Tuesday: Officials in Japan have lifted tsunami warnings and advisories after a strong earthquake hit off the coast.
GO On Waterboarding, A President Trump Could Face Resistance From Some Republicans.
GO As he campaigned for president, Donald Trump spoke favorably about using waterboarding, torture and ”much stronger” techniques on terrorism suspects.
GO 1 Police Officer Killed, 3 Officers Injured In Separate Shootings Sunday.
GO A police officer was shot and killed Sunday in San Antonio in an apparent   slaying, authorities say.
GO S. Korean President Named As A Criminal Suspect In Cronyism Scandal.
GO A swirling cronyism scandal continues to grip South Korea, where prosecutors announced Sunday that the president is a suspect in a criminal fraud investigation that’s already ensnared her close friend and senior aides.
GO Scientists Say Dinosaur-Killing Asteroid Made Earth’s Surface Act Like Liquid.
GO When the asteroid believed to have killed off the dinosaurs smashed into Earth some 66 million years ago, its sheer force made the planet’s surface momentarily act like a liquid.
GO At Least 5 Children Die In Tennessee School Bus Crash.
GO Updated Tuesday morning at 7:20 a. m. ET, At least five children died after a school bus carrying them home from elementary school crashed Monday afternoon in Chattanooga, Tenn. About two dozen other children were injured, several critically.
GO At Thanksgiving, If You Take Sides, Make Sure They’re As Tasty As These.
GO It’s Thanksgiving, which means you’ll be seeing Aunt Martha’s sweet potato casserole encased in a marshmallow cloud that has drifted too close to the sun.
GO ’Brady Bunch’ Mom Florence Henderson Has Died.
GO Florence Henderson, who went from Broadway star to become one of America’s most beloved television moms in The Brady Bunch, has died, her manager and her publicist said.
GO Clinton Campaign Says It Will Participate In Recount Efforts .
GO Hillary Clinton’s campaign said Saturday it will participate in the recount efforts in Wisconsin spearheaded by Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein.
GO 100 Years After Jack London’s Death, Hearing His Call.
GO Jack London, who died 100 years ago this week, occupies a space in which few writers can set foot.
GO How Trump Could Easily Reverse Obama’s Opening To Cuba.
GO When President Obama began opening up to Cuba two years ago, reversing U. S. policy that dated back more than a   he relied on executive orders that did not require the blessing of Congress.
GO For Some, Scientists Aren’t The Authority On Science.
GO When it comes to assessing the possible risks and benefits of science and technology, who is the relevant authority?
GO Former S.C. Police Officer Takes The Stand At His Murder Trial.
GO The former North Charleston, S. C. police officer charged with murder in the death of an unarmed black man during a traffic stop took the stand Tuesday to testify in his own defense.
GO N.C. Officer Will Not Be Charged In Shooting Death Of Keith Lamont Scott .
GO A police officer in Charlotte, N. C. will not face charges in the shooting death of Keith Lamont Scott.
GO Before Deadly Crash In Colombia, Pilot Said He Was Out Of Fuel.
GO Shortly before a charter jet carrying a Brazilian soccer team crashed in the mountains of Colombia, the pilot told air traffic control he was ”out of fuel” and experiencing ”total electrical failure,” according to leaked audio and accounts from a survivor and another pilot.
GO Jerry Heller, Music Manager Who Promoted N.W.A and Gangsta Rap, Dies at 75 - The New York Times.
GO Jerry Heller, a veteran music manager who helped introduce N. W. A to the masses and promoted gangsta rap to a mainstream audience, died on Friday in Thousand Oaks, Calif.
GO Hillary Clinton’s Doctor Says Pneumonia Led to Abrupt Exit From 9/11 Event - The New York Times.
GO Hillary Clinton is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration, her doctor said on Sunday, hours after she abruptly left a ceremony in New York honoring the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks and had to be helped into a van by Secret Service agents.
GO Bill Nunn, Who Played Radio Raheem in ‘Do the Right Thing,’ Dies at 63 - The New York Times.
GO Bill Nunn, a versatile actor best known for playing the role of Radio Raheem, the   neighborhood philosopher killed by police officers in Spike Lee’s 1989 film “Do the Right Thing,” died on Saturday in Pittsburgh.
GO Melissa Mark-Viverito, New York Council Speaker, Reveals She Was Sexually Abused - The New York Times.
GO Melissa   the speaker of the New York City Council, revealed this week that she was the victim of sexual abuse as a child, saying at an emotional news conference that she was compelled to go public in reaction to the video in which Donald J. Trump is heard boasting about foisting himself on women.
GO Medicaid Funding to End for Planned Parenthood in Texas, State Says - The New York Times.
GO In a critical step in a longstanding fight, Texas formally said on Tuesday that it was ending Medicaid funding of Planned Parenthood, a move the group said could affect 11, 000 patients.
GO The Two-State Solution: What It Is and Why It Hasn’t Happened - The New York Times.
GO Secretary of State John Kerry on Wednesday joined a growing chorus warning that the     solution, which he called “the only way to achieve a just and lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians,” could be on the verge of permanent collapse.
GO What to Cook This Week - The New York Times.
GO Sam Sifton emails readers of Cooking seven days a week to talk about food and suggest recipes.
GO Illegal in Massachusetts: Asking Your Salary in a Job Interview - The New York Times.
GO In a groundbreaking effort to close the wage gap between men and women, Massachusetts has become the first state to bar employers from asking about applicants’ salaries before offering them a job.
GO Patrice Munsel Dies at 91 Soprano Became a Star at the Met as a Teenager - The New York Times.
GO Patrice Munsel, a coloratura soprano who as a teenager became one of the Metropolitan Opera’s youngest stars and later crossed over into television and musical theater, died on Aug. 4 at her home in Schroon Lake, N. Y.
GO State Attorney General Orders Trump Foundation to Cease Raising Money in New York - The New York Times.
GO The office of the New York attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, has issued a “notice of violation” to Donald J. Trump’s foundation, ordering it to immediately stop soliciting charitable donations in the state.
GO 20-Year-Old Brit Dies Fighting Islamic State in Syria.
GO A    British man who traveled to Syria to fight against Islamic State has been killed in battle, his family have said.
GO Ex-National Security Adviser Michael Flynn Will Invoke the Fifth - Breitbart.
GO Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn will invoke his Fifth Amendment protection against   on Monday, in a decision not to comply with a subpoena seeking documents, according to a report.
GO Police: Thieves Botch ATM Burglary Attempt, Accidentally Set Cash on Fire.
GO Thieves attempting to steal money from an ATM machine in Washington state botched their planned burglary when they accidentally set the cash they intended to steal on fire, police said.
GO Delingpole: EPA’s Scott Pruitt Gets Eaten Alive by Fox - Breitbart.
GO I just watched Scott Pruitt, head of the Environmental Protection Agency, get eaten alive by Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace.
GO Car Thief Leads Police on Slow-Speed Chase Because He Can’t Drive Stick Shift.
GO A car thief in Birmingham, Alabama, who led police on a   chase, later admitted that he never got past     because he could not figure out how to use a manual transmission.
GO China: Sean Spicer ’Not in a Position’ to Call South China Sea ’International Territory’ - Breitbart.
GO The Chinese government has continued to protest the Trump administration’s repeated assurances it would oppose China’s ongoing colonization of international waters in the South China Sea, most recently challenging White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer for calling the waters in question “international territory.
GO Rand Paul on Obamacare Lite: There Is a ’Separation Between’ Ryan, Trump - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” while discussing the Republicans the repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act, Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said there is a “separation between” Speaker of the House Paul Ryan’s ( ) and President Donald Trump.
GO McCain: Trump Should Release His Tax Returns - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Sen. John McCain ( ) said President Donald Trump should release his tax returns.
GO Mike Pence to National Catholic Prayer Breakfast: ’This Administration Stands with You’ - Breitbart.
GO Vice President Mike Pence spoke at the 13th National Catholic Prayer Breakfast in Washington, DC, Tuesday about President Trump’s commitment to the faith community.
GO Report: Lena Dunham Rushed to Hospital From Met Gala.
GO Actress Lena Dunham was reportedly rushed to the emergency room following her appearance at the Met Gala Monday night.
GO Mattis to NATO: Pay More or U.S. Will ’Moderate Its Commitment’.
GO Defense Secretary James Mattis on Wednesday issued an ultimatum to NATO while meeting with member nations for the first time in Brussels: Pay more, or the U. S. will “moderate its commitment” to the organization.
GO HHS Report: Average Health Insurance Premiums Doubled Under Obamacare - Breitbart.
GO The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) released a new report that reveals that individual health insurance premiums doubled under Obamacare.
GO McClatchy: Breitbart’s Aaron Klein Leads Influential Israel Bureau.
GO On Monday, Katie Glueck, senior political correspondent for the McClatchy news agency, published an extensive profile of Breitbart Jerusalem and how bureau chief Aaron Klein leads a team that reports from the Middle East while Breitbart grows in influence during the era of President Donald Trump.
GO London Bridge Terror Ringleader May Have Plotted to Attack Wimbledon.
GO The ringleader of the London Bridge terror attack secured an interview with a security firm providing personnel to Wimbledon, sparking fears he was plotting to strike the tennis tournament.
GO French Police Defy Their Unions to Vote For Le Pen.
GO Despite being told by their unions not to vote for   migration presidential candidate Marine Le Pen, many French police are voting for Le Pen, who they feel will restore law and order to France.
GO Senators John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Susan Collins Vote to Retain Obama-era Climate Rule - Breitbart.
GO Senators John McCain ( ) Lindsey Graham ( ) and Susan Collins ( ) voted to keep an   climate rule limiting methane emissions from oil and natural gas drilling.
GO MILO: Democrats Are No Longer the Party of the Working Man, They’re ’the Party of the Cuckold’ - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO claimed that the Democrat Party has gone from being the part of the working man to “the party of the cuckold,” during his talk at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs tonight.
GO On Jerusalem, as on Much Else, It’s Trump vs. ’Deep State’ - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump promised to move the U. S. embassy to Jerusalem, but a recent diplomatic spat showed why it has been so hard for him to do so.
GO NYT: The Media Manipulated Steve Bannon’s Image to Drive a Wedge Between Him and Trump.
GO In his latest   New York Times columnist Frank Bruni explains how the media manipulated White House strategist Steve Bannon’s image to drive a wedge between him and President Trump.
GO Andrew Sullivan: Liberals Have to Avoid Sounding ’So F*cking Condescending and Smug’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” New York Magazine    Andrew Sullivan argued, “Liberals have to be careful not to sound so f*cking condescending and smug, as if they know it, and start actually engaging the other side and persuading people.
GO Israeli Scientists Develop Blood Test to Diagnose Lung Cancer.
GO Ynetnews reports: Israeli scientists from the   company Nucleix succeeded in developing a first of its kind blood test to diagnose lung cancer.
GO Chris Brown, Lil Wayne Named in Federal Drug Investigation.
GO Singer Chris Brown and rapper Lil Wayne have reportedly been named in a federal investigation for their alleged connection to an accused drug dealer.
GO Ft. Lauderdale Terrorist Says He Carried Out Attack for Islamic State.
GO Esteban Santiago Ruiz told the FBI that he carried out an attack on Fort Lauderdale on behalf of the Islamic State ( ) Michael Ferlazzo, an FBI special agent, reportedly testified at the attacker’s bond hearing Tuesday.
GO Report: Ex-Baylor President Ken Starr Looking for Spot in Trump Administration - Breitbart.
GO Ken Starr, who until just last year was president of Baylor University, is looking to land in the Trump administration, according to reports.
GO Schumer: ’Lots’ of Democrats Could Beat Trump in 2020 - Breitbart.
GO Friday on MSNBC, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said “lots” of Democrats could beat President Donald Trump in the 2020 presidential election.
GO Pro-Life Leaders Celebrate Motherhood and Reach Out to Those Suffering After Abortion - Breitbart.
GO National   leaders are celebrating mothers and motherhood as they also reach out to women experiencing the pain of the loss of motherhood through abortion.
GO Yale College Republicans Hold Barbecue Next to Union Hunger Strike - Breitbart.
GO Members of the Yale College Republicans held a barbecue on Friday next to eight graduate student teachers on a hunger strike over the Yale University’s refusal to negotiate with its newly formed union.
GO Judge in Michigan blocks deportation of 100 Iraqis.
GO U. S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith in Michigan issued an order staying the deportation of the Iraqis for at least two weeks as he decides whether he has jurisdiction over the matter.
GO Republican healthcare bill imperiled with 22 million seen losing insurance.
GO    million Americans would lose insurance over the next decade under the U. S. Senate Republican healthcare bill, a nonpartisan congressional office said on Monday, complicating the path forward for the   legislation.
GO DOJ to institute mandatory bias training.
GO     Thousands of Justice Department workers soon will receive mandatory training developed by a controversial group in order to eliminate “implicit biases” in their law enforcement judgment, Reuters reported Monday, citing DOJ officials.
GO New York airport security increased after Istanbul attack.
GO     Additional police officers are being deployed to airports in New York City and New Jersey after an attack at an airport in Istanbul, Turkey.
GO Read the House Benghazi report.
GO     The   House committee probing the 2012 Benghazi attacks released its report Tuesday morning.
GO Timeline of Clinton responses following Benghazi attack.
GO     Below is a timeline of responses by   of State Hillary Clinton following the Benghazi attacks on Sept. 11, 2012.
GO Prosecutors: Dad, son fleeing police killed Utah rail worker.
GO     A father and son on the run from police after tying up five women in a Utah basement abducted and killed a rail line worker, Wyoming prosecutors said Tuesday.
GO Family of missing New York woman asks Shania Twain for help.
GO     The family of a missing New York woman is asking country music star Shania Twain to help bring attention to the case as police continue to search for the    who disappeared one week ago from a remote campsite in the Adirondack Mountains.
GO Jewish girl, 13, stabbed to death in West Bank bedroom was U.S. citizen.
GO     A    Jewish girl who was stabbed to death in her bed by a Palestinian attacker on Thursday was an American citizen, the State Department said.
GO Coalition forces kill two senior ISIS military commanders in Iraq.
GO     Coalition forces killed two senior ISIS military commanders in airstrikes near Mosul, Iraq earlier this week, Defense Department spokesman Peter Cook said Friday.
GO US: Up to 116 civilians killed in drone, other air attacks.
GO     The White House said Friday that as many as 116 civilians have been killed by drone and other U. S. strikes in Pakistan, Yemen and Africa since President Barack Obama took office in 2009.
GO Deputies reportedly taunted at Zaxby’s restaurant in North Carolina.
GO     A pair of deputy sheriffs got a hankering for some chicken the other day so they decided to drop by a Zaxby’s in Shelby, North Carolina.
GO Four cops reportedly walk out of WNBA game after players wear ’Black Lives Matter’ shirts.
GO     The president of a Minneapolis police union Tuesday commended a quartet of officers who reportedly walked off their jobs providing security at a WNBA game on Saturday night after some players wore “Black Lives Matter” shirts calling for change after recent police shootings.
GO FBI no longer actively investigating D.B. Cooper case.
GO     The FBI says it’s no longer actively investigating the unsolved mystery of 1970s plane hijacker D. B. Cooper.
GO Fox News Poll: Trump trails Clinton in Colorado.
GO     A Fox News Poll of Colorado registered voters finds Hillary Clinton ahead of Donald Trump by 10 points in the race for the White House.
GO Pakistan school attack mastermind killed by US airstrike, Pentagon says.
GO     A U. S. airstrike near Afghanistan’s border with Pakistan killed the mastermind of a 2014 attack on a Pakistani school that killed some 150 people, mainly children, American and Pakistani officials said Wednesday.
GO Ex-Gitmo detainee connected to Turkey airport attack added to US list of terrorists.
GO     A former Gitmo detainee connected to last month’s ISIS attack on the Istanbul airport that killed 45 and injured more than 230 others was officially added to the U. S. government’s list of designated terrorists Wednesday.
GO At least 161 killed, scores wounded as Turkish military attempts coup.
GO     Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdogan claimed he is in control of the country early Saturday as loyal military and police forces quashed a coup attempt during a night of explosions, air battles and gunfire that left scores dead and more than 1, 000 wounded.
GO At least 15 people reportedly injured in axe attack on train in Germany.
GO   At least 15 people were injured after a man wielding an axe and knife went on a rampage on a German train before he was shot dead by police, law enforcement officials told Sky News.
GO Wisconsin residents without ID can vote in November, judge rules.
GO U. S. District Judge Lynn Adelman in Milwaukee issued a preliminary injunction that allows people who haven’t been able to obtain IDs to vote in the Nov. 8 election if they sign an affidavit explaining why they couldn’t get identification.
GO Roger Ailes resigns as Fox News chairman, Rupert Murdoch assumes acting role.
GO Rupert Murdoch, executive chairman of parent company 21st Century Fox, who hired Ailes to launch Fox News two decade ago, said in a company statement that he would take over as chairman and acting CEO of Fox News Channel and Fox Business Network.
GO Dem officials jeered, booed at convention opening; DNC apologizes over emails.
GO The opening made clear that the party is far from united, despite the new DNC leadership offering an official apology to Sanders and the party, just as the convention was getting underway, for what it called “the inexcusable remarks made over email” by top officials that seemed to show a bias against Sanders.
GO Wasserman Schultz faces another political headache – in her House race.
GO Even after Wasserman Shultz announced her abrupt resignation on the eve of the Democratic convention   the Florida congresswoman faces a mounting political headache back home.
GO Sources: Dem campaign arm hack bears similarities to DNC breach.
GO   A newly discovered hack into the House Democrats’ campaign arm bears similarities to the recent breach of Democratic National Committee files, sources told Fox News    with early indications pointing once again to possible Russian involvement.
GO Daredevil to attempt jumping out of plane at 25,000 feet without a parachute.
GO Or anything, really, other than the clothes he’ll be wearing when he jumps out of an airplane at 25, 000 feet this weekend, attempting to become the first person to land safely on the ground in a net.
GO Clinton campaign scrambles to defend Rust Belt against Trump.
GO   With the general election campaign just hours old, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump began focusing their attention this weekend on America’s Rust Belt    hoping their separate plans to restore prosperity to the   region will sway enough voters there to help them win in November.
GO French Muslims refuse to bury terrorist who killed Catholic priest.
GO   Muslims have refused to bury one of the terrorists who murdered a French Catholic priest this week as he celebrated Mass.
GO Suspect in Washington state shooting had broken up with victim, neighbors say.
GO   An    gunman who killed three people and injured another person at a house party outside Seattle early Saturday had recently broken up with one of the victims, witnesses and neighbors said.
GO Russian television shows what the Kremlin thinks of Clinton.
GO   To understand what the Kremlin thinks about the prospect of Hillary Clinton becoming the U. S. president, it was enough to watch Russian state television coverage of her accepting the Democratic nomination.
GO What to Know About Trump’s Order to Dismantle the Clean Power Plan - The New York Times.
GO President Trump signed an executive order Tuesday that calls on Scott Pruitt, the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to take steps to dismantle the Clean Power Plan, a set of rules regulating energy plants powered by fossil fuels.
GO Turk in Iran Sanctions Case Adds Rudy Giuliani to Legal Team - The New York Times.
GO Reza Zarrab, a prominent Turkish gold trader who has been jailed in New York on charges of violating the United States sanctions on Iran, has added Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York mayor, to his legal team, adding intrigue to a case that has been steeped in international politicking between Turkey and the United States.
GO Yevgeny Yevtushenko, Poet Who Stirred a Generation of Soviets, Dies at 83 - The New York Times.
GO Yevgeny Yevtushenko, an internationally acclaimed poet with the charisma of an actor and the instincts of a politician whose defiant verse inspired a generation of young Russians in their fight against Stalinism during the Cold War, died on Saturday in Tulsa, Okla. where he had been teaching for many years.
GO James Rosenquist, Pop Art Pioneer, Dies at 83 - The New York Times.
GO James Rosenquist, who helped define Pop Art in its 1960s heyday with his boldly scaled painted montages of commercial imagery, died on Friday in New York City.
GO Leonard Litwin, New York Real Estate Mogul, Dies at 102 - The New York Times.
GO Leonard Litwin, a   developer who began with his father’s   plant nursery on Long Island, built a New York City residential real estate empire and paid millions to Republican and Democratic leaders to ensure tax breaks, government financing and favorable rent laws, died on Sunday at his home on Long Island, in Melville.
GO F.D.A. Will Allow 23andMe to Sell Genetic Tests for Disease Risk to Consumers - The New York Times.
GO For the first time, the Food and Drug Administration said it would allow a company to sell genetic tests for disease risk directly to consumers, providing people with information about the likelihood that they could develop various conditions, including Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s.
GO Sheriff David Clarke: Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act ’Premised and Crafted on Lies’ - Breitbart.
GO Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke said at a Capitol Hill press conference Wednesday that a series of “lies” fueled the bipartisan effort pushing the Sentencing Reform and Corrections Act.
GO Breitbart/Gravis Poll: Voters Reject Obama’s Internet Surrender.
GO A new   poll released Wednesday shows that more than   of registered voters oppose President Barack Obama’s surrender of control over the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) to a   group that includes foreign governments.
GO Carlson: Glenn Beck ’Auditioning To Be Mark Zuckerberg’s Manservant’.
GO After earlier hints that Glenn Beck “sucked up” to Mark Zuckerberg during Wednesday’s meeting at Facebook HQ, Daily Caller    Tucker Carlson has gone further, saying the radio host acted like he wanted to be “Mark Zuckerberg’s manservant.
GO Rubio Spokesman Admits: Gang of Eight Bill Did Not ’Secure the Borders First’ - Breitbart.
GO In a remarkable interview with CNN’s Wolf Blitzer following Thursday night’s presidential debate, Marco Rubio’s campaign spokesman, Alex Conant, admitted that the 2013 Gang of Eight bill, which Rubio   and ushered through the Senate, did not secure the border first.
GO EU Adviser: ’Vote Leave Has Gone All UKIP’ Focusing On Immigration, As Polls Move Towards Brexit.
GO A former economic adviser to the President of the European Commission has identified one of the reasons why the Leave campaign in the European Union (EU) referendum is gaining momentum, saying: “It’s official: Vote Leave has gone all UKIP.
GO Graham: Trump’s Platform Is ’Economic Populism, Xenophobia, Race-Baiting and Religious Bigotry’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation” Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said Republican presidential   Donald Trump’s has a   stool which includes, “economic populism, xenophobia, race baiting and religious bigotry.
GO Hillary Clinton Will Get a Final Chance to Beat Bernie Sanders in Iowa Town Hall Before the Caucus - Breitbart.
GO CNN has scheduled a primetime town hall event in Iowa to give Hillary Clinton an opportunity to beat back the Bernie Sanders surge on the cusp of the Iowa Democratic caucus.
GO EXCLUSIVE: Republican D.C. Delegate Who Would Support Hillary Actually Lives In Virginia - Breitbart.
GO The Washington, D. C. Republican delegate who said that she would support Hillary Clinton if Donald Trump is her party’s nominee actually lives in Virginia.
GO Hillary Clinton’s New App is ‘Christmas Story’ Secret Decoder Pin.
GO The just released ‘Hillary16’ campaign app is supposed to be the cornerstone of Clinton’s digital dominance over Donald Trump, but competing for “stars” to receive   personalized Clinton spam messages is like Ralfie in the Christmas Story trying to drink enough Ovaltine to receive a Secret Decoder Pin.
GO Rep. Steve King: If Trump or Cruz Isn’t Nominated ’Could Be the End of the Republican Party’ - Breitbart.
GO Rep. Steve King, who supports Senator Ted Cruz in the GOP primary, tells Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon that when it comes to the coming GOP convention, “If they’re maneuvering now to undermine their own rules to move a third candidate into this, I think it could split this party and it could split this party so deeply that it could be the end of the Republican Party.
GO Sex Crimes Increase as Oktoberfest Has Lowest Attendance for 15 Years.
GO The world’s biggest beer festival has recorded its lowest turnout for 15 years amid heightened security fears, while at the same time experiencing an increase in reported sex crimes.
GO Blackwater Founder Erik Prince: Jihadists ’at War with Us We Are Clearly Not at War with Them’.
GO Former U. S. Navy SEAL officer and founder of Blackwater USA Erik Prince told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon in speaking of the recent attack in Nice, France, “This is a war against their paradigm.
GO Huma Abedin: Muslim Faith Helped Me Cope with Anthony Weiner - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton’s top aide Huma Abedin reveals in Vogue today that her Muslim faith helped her deal with her husband Anthony Weiner after news of his perverted online behavior ruined his political career.
GO Report: Orlando Jihadi Threatened to Shoot Classmate at Cookout over Pork Meat - Breitbart.
GO Omar Mateen, the jihadi responsible for the massacre of 49 people at the gay club Pulse in Orlando on Sunday morning, once threatened to shoot everyone at a cookout because he believed his hamburger had touched pork meat.
GO New York Veteran Police Association: Donald Trump ’Represents the American Way’ - Breitbart.
GO The president of the New York Veteran Police Association (NYVPA) Lou Telano delivered an award to GOP frontrunner Donald Trump at a press conference in Staten Island, New York on Sunday morning.
GO Rand Paul: ’I Will Fight Obama Tooth and Nail’ on Gun Control.
GO On January 4 Breitbart News spoke with Senator Rand Paul about his ongoing defense of the Second Amendment and his efforts to fight against Obama’s penchant for using executive actions for gun control.
GO Marco Mondale: Rubio’s Sole Win of Minnesota Comes in only State Ronald Reagan Lost in 1984 - Breitbart.
GO Marco Rubio’s dismal Super Tuesday performance has prompted comparisons likening him to failed Democratic Presidential candidate Walter Mondale, who suffered an embarrassing defeat against Ronald Reagan in 1984, when the only state he won was his home state of Minnesota.
GO Trump Rejects Obama’s Executive Gun Control: Tired of People Blaming Guns - Breitbart.
GO In a preview of a larger interview that will air during Face the Nation on January 3, Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump said he does not like Obama’s efforts at executive gun control and is tired of people blaming guns for America’s ills.
GO Tech Company Invites U.S. Workers Who Fear Trump to Emigrate to Canada - Breitbart.
GO A tech    in Canada is inviting U. S. tech workers who fear a Donald Trump presidency to emigrate northwards and work for the company.
GO Hillary Clinton to Goldman Sachs: ’I Represented All of You for Eight Years’ - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton told a private    audience at Goldman Sachs that she “represented all of you for eight years in the United States Senate.
GO Craig Shirley: ’Cleveland Is Going To Be A City Under Siege’ During GOP Convention - Breitbart.
GO Reagan biographer and public affairs consultant Craig Shirley tells Breitbart News Daily that “Cleveland is going to be a city under siege by Left wing protesters protesting Donald Trump and the Republicans” when the GOP comes to town to pick its nominee in July.
GO Milo To Open ’Clinton Cash’ Screening In Cleveland, Ohio On Tuesday - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos will be speaking before a screening of Clinton Cash during the week of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio on Tuesday.
GO Breitbart News Daily: LIVE from London - Historic Brexit Vote - Breitbart.
GO On the Tuesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST, Breitbart Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon will continue the discussion on the Brexit vote.
GO Rick Perry to Lead Pro-Cruz Super PAC - Breitbart.
GO Former Texas Governor Rick Perry is set to lead a   Cruz super Political Action Committee (PAC) called “Keep the Promise to Veterans.
GO Abortion Providers Get Standing Ovation at Sundance Pro-Abortion Documentary - Breitbart.
GO Four abortion providers received a standing ovation from an audience at the Sundance Film Festival this week after the group secretly attended the premiere of the   documentary Trapped.
GO Armstrong Williams: Brussels Attack Was a ’Declaration of War’ Against Europe and America - Breitbart.
GO Armstrong Williams, who was a senior adviser to Dr. Ben Carson’s presidential campaign, tells Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon about the aftermath of the Brussels terror attack, and its ramifications for the American presidential campaign.
GO Jon Stewart Returning to TV Before Election with Animated HBO Show - Breitbart.
GO Jon Stewart could return to television before this year’s presidential election, HBO programming chief Casey Bloys revealed this weekend at the Television Critics Association summer press tour.
GO Employer G4S Did Not Fire or Disarm Omar Mateen After FBI Probe - Breitbart.
GO Omar Mateen’s employer G4S did not fire him or take away his company pistol after the FBI investigated the Muslim security professional for statements professing loyalty to jihadist organizations.
GO Watch: Cuban Americans Tell Their Grandparents Fidel Castro Died.
GO Cuban families across the United States reveled in telling their older relatives this Friday that dictator Fidel Castro had died, with some posting reaction videos of their parents and grandparents hearing that the man who forced them out of their country could no longer persecute them.
GO Bernie Sanders Predicts Contested Convention in July - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) predicted Sunday that Hillary Clinton would not receive enough pledged delegates to cinch the Democratic Party’s nomination, and that the Democratic Party’s July convention in Philadelphia would be contested.
GO Angela Rye: ’Superpredator’ Term, Reminds Me of When Black People Were Deemed ’3/5s Human’ - Breitbart.
GO CNN Commentator and former Congressional Black Caucus Executive Director Angela Rye stated that Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s past use of the term “superpredator” “reminds me of a time when black people were deemed subhuman, or less than human in some way, or   human” on Thursday’s “CNN Newsroom.
GO Dem Operative Khizr Khan Calls on John McCain to Renounce Trump.
GO Khizr Khan, the Gold Star    operative who berated Donald Trump from the podium at the Democratic National Convention last month, is calling on Sen. John McCain ( ) to renounce the Republican presidential nominee.
GO Rand Paul: America Didn’t Buy Pneumonia Diagnosis Because of Hillary’s ’Dishonesty’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on 800 WVHU’s “The Tom Roten Morning Show,” in referencing Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s medical incident causing her to nearly collapse when leaving the   memorial service in New York City early and the campaign later revealing Clinton was diagnosed with pneumonia, Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said, “When they trotted out that diagnosis of pneumonia a couple days after the fact, America just didn’t buy it because they assume the Clintons will probably lie to you anyway.
GO Illegal Immigrant DREAMer Set to Become Youngest Teacher in Dallas.
GO An illegal immigrant who came to the U. S. as a child is set to become the youngest school teacher in the Dallas Independent School District.
GO CNN’s Bash: Hillary Running ’To Effectively Be The Third Term of Barack Obama’ - Breitbart.
GO CNN Chief Political Correspondent Dana Bash stated that Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State is is running to “effectively be the third term of Barack Obama” and “embracing it wholeheartedly” during CNN’s coverage of the South Carolina Democratic primary on South Carolina.
GO Mitch McConnell Says He May Be ’Open’ To Post-Orlando Gun Control.
GO Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) says he be may be “open” to placing new gun controls on   citizens following the terror attack on Pulse Orlando.
GO Poll: More Americans Want to Vacation with Trump over Clinton.
GO More Americans would rather go on vacation with Donald Trump than with Hillary Clinton, according to a new poll.
GO Ben Carson: ’Get Rid Of The Caliphate’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson says if he were president, one of the first things he would do would be to “get rid of the Caliphate.
GO Podesta: ’We Think’ Hillary Can Hold on to Michigan - Breitbart.
GO Sunday NBC’s “Meet The Press,” Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta said, “Look, if we hold on to Nevada, hold on to Michigan, you know, then Hillary Clinton is going to be the next president of the United States.
GO Exclusive – Breitbart/Gravis Colorado Poll: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton Tied in Key Western Battleground State - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is tied with Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton in the   western battleground state of Colorado, a new Breitbart News   Marketing survey from the state shows.
GO The Hill: GOP Field Exceeds Scalia In Defending Gun Rights - Breitbart.
GO Following the March 3 GOP debate The Hill suggested that GOP contenders exceed Antonin Scalia in defending gun rights because Scalia left the door open for some limit on the Second Amendment, but Ted Cruz, Donald Trump, and Marco Rubio are pushing for none.
GO New Surveillance Technology Allows Cops to Tap into Any Security Camera - Breitbart.
GO Computer scientists are developing new technology that would allow law enforcement to tap into any of the 30 million surveillance cameras in the United States that aren’t password protected.
GO Poll: Who Won the First Presidential Debate? - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton went    for the first time Monday night in a presidential debate at Hofstra University, moderated by NBC News’s Lester Holt.
GO Gary Johnson: Hillary Clinton ‘Is Going to Press the Button’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday night during a MSNBC presidential town hall with Chris Matthews, former New Mexico Governor and Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was so “hawkish,” it is likely she “is going to press the button.
GO CNN’s Tapper to Wasserman Schultz: I’m Not Sure Your Answer Why the Dem Process Isn’t Rigged Would Satisfy People - Breitbart.
GO CNN’s “The Lead” host Jake Tapper told DNC Chair Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) that he wasn’t sure her explanation for why the nomination process isn’t rigged to help Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton over fellow candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) would “satisfy” those who think the process is rigged on Thursday.
GO Ted Cruz Suggests Violence at Donald Trump’s Chicago Rally ’Starts at the Top’ - Breitbart.
GO Texas Senator Ted Cruz appeared in a western suburb of Chicago only moments after it was confirmed that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump had canceled his downtown Chicago rally due to a threat of mob violence.
GO Krauthammer: Ryan Telling Trump, ’You’re Going To Have To Reckon With The Conservatives, Even If You Aren’t One’ - Breitbart.
GO Columnist Charles Krauthammer stated that House Speaker Representative Paul Ryan’s ( ) reluctannce to support presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump is him wanting “to establish a center of power and a kind of home for the conservative wing” and saying to Trump, “you’re going to have to reckon with the conservatives, even if you aren’t one” on Friday’s “Special Report” on the Fox News Channel.
GO Rep. Linda Sanchez: ’Hillary Clinton Is a Badass’ - Breitbart.
GO Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, spoke in both English and Spanish at the Democratic National Convention on Monday evening, highlighting the successes of her Mexican immigrant family and letting the crowd know that she believes Hillary Clinton is “a badass and ready to lead” America.
GO Donald Trump: Katie Couric ’Should Be Ashamed’ of ’Fraudulent Editing’ - Breitbart.
GO On May 31, presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump weighed in on Katie Couric’s “fraudulent editing,” tweeting that she “should be ashamed” of herself.
GO Utah Court Convicts Man for Taking Video of Young Boys in Community Center Bathroom - Breitbart.
GO A Utah man has been convicted and sentenced to 30 years in prison for taking video of young boys using the bathrooms in a church and a community center, court documents reveal.
GO Cardinal Raymond Burke: Muslims and Christians Don’t Worship ‘the Same God’.
GO According to the former head of the Vatican’s highest court, Cardinal Raymond Burke (pictured) Muslims and Christians do not worship the same God, since Allah is a “governor,” whereas Christianity was “founded on love.
GO NFL Ratings Continue to Plunge in Third Week of Anthem Protests.
GO For the third consecutive week, ratings for the National Football League (NFL) have plummeted, as players continue   protests during the playing of the national anthem.
GO Blow by Blow: The Battle Between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz - Breitbart.
GO Since the Fox Business Debate last week, Ted Cruz and Donald Trump have taken the gloves off in a battle for first place in the Republican nomination for president.
GO Dick Morris: When Trump Goes After Bill, It ’Paralyzes’ Hillary - Breitbart.
GO Monday night on Newsmax TV’s “Unfiltered,” Dick Morris, a political commentator and former adviser to Bill Clinton, said when presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump brings up former President Bill Clinton’s past sexual misconduct allegations it “paralyzes” his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton personally and politically because she refuses to talk to her husband, who is also her top campaign adviser.
GO Rubio Campaign: ’No Lie Is Too Big And No Trick Too Dirty’ For Ted Cruz - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) is weighing in after Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) asked for the resignation of his Communications Director, saying that “no lie is too big and no trick too dirty” for Cruz.
GO Darrell Issa Suggests Brokered Convention for Rubio Even if He Doesn’t Win Florida - Breitbart.
GO Rubio advocate and Congressman Darrell Issa appeared on Fox News Saturday afternoon lobbying 2016 presidential candidate Marco Rubio to stay in the race even if he doesn’t win the candidate’s home state of Florida and look toward the possibility of a brokered convention.
GO Donald Trump: Apple ’100 Percent Wrong,’ Should Aid FBI’s Investigation - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump says Apple is “100 percent wrong” for not providing the FBI access to the San Bernardino terrorist’s iPhone.
GO MSNBC’s Hunt: Cruz Camp Saying Indiana Is Ted’s Alamo - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” political correspondent Kasie Hunt said the campaign of Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz is describing Indiana is the candidate’s “Alamo.
GO Bill Clinton: I Would Have Voted for the Bank Bailout Too in 2008 - Breitbart.
GO Former President Bill Clinton said that if he had the chance to vote in the Senate for the Wall Street’s 2008 bailout, he would have willingly joined his wife in backing the unpopular deal.
GO Obama: Manufacturing Jobs Outsourced To Mexico Aren’t Coming Back - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama is giving up on some of the American manufacturing jobs that went to Mexico, telling an Indiana resident that many of those jobs are not coming back.
GO Trump: ’Clinton May Be the Most Corrupt Person Ever to Seek the Presidency’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday in New York City, presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump criticized Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, saying her undisclosed foreign donations while at the State Department means she is the “most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency of the United States.
GO Idaho Pastor Who Led Prayer at Ted Cruz Rally Shot Six Times - Breitbart.
GO The day after leading a prayer at a Ted Cruz rally in Coeur d’Alene, Idaho, pastor Tim Remington was found shot as many as six times in the parking lot of his Altar Church.
GO Woodward: Hillary ’Has Not Come Totally Clean’ About Email Scandal - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on “CBS This Morning,” while discussing Congress receiving notes from the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server, Washington Post associate editor Bob Woodward said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton had not “come totally clean” about her email controversy.
GO CNN’s Sanders: ’We Don’t Need White People Leading the Democratic Party Right Now’ - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday’s “CNN Newsroom,” CNN Political Commentator and former National Press Secretary to Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) Symone Sanders argued, “we don’t need white people leading the Democratic Party right now.
GO Paul Manafort: Donald Trump Won’t Pick Woman, Minority as VP ’Would be Viewed as Pandering’ - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump’s top aide Paul Manafort suggested the billionaire won’t select a woman or a minority to be his vice presidential candidate because “that would be viewed as pandering, I think.
GO New York Post: The NFL Could ‘Fall Like Gladiators of Ancient Rome’ - Breitbart.
GO Mary Pilon of the New York Post went biblical, or at least ancient Roman, in prophesizing how she believes the demise of the NFL might come about.
GO Matt Damon: Americans Too ’Sensitive’ To Talk About Gun Control - Breitbart.
GO   action movie star Matt Damon doubled down on his gun comments from last week by suggesting Americans may be too “sensitive” to understand the need for gun control.
GO Report: ’Black Power Political Organization’ Takes Credit For Dallas Massacre - Breitbart.
GO A group called the Black Power Political Organization is apparently taking credit for the Dallas police massacre that has left five officers dead and seven wounded, according to the UK paper The Mirror:[“More Will Be Assassinated In The Coming Days!
GO Marco Rubio: I’m The Best When It Comes To Fixing Illegal Immigration - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Senator Marco Rubio says that no one who has ever run for president knows more about fixing immigration in the United States than he does.
GO Convicted Sex Offender Leads Transgender Rights Effort in North Carolina - Breitbart.
GO The homosexual leader of efforts in North Carolina to allow men to use women’s bathrooms is a convicted and registered sex offender, according to documents made available to Breitbart News.
GO Charlotte NAACP President: ’It Doesn’t Really Matter’ If Keith Lamont Scott Had a Gun - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s broadcast of “CNN Newsroom,”   NAACP President Minister Corine Mack argued that “it doesn’t really matter” if Keith Lamont Scott had a gun when he was shot by police.
GO Hillary: IG Email Report Will Not Affect My Presidency - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday night in an interview with Univision Los Angeles, Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton commented on the State Department inspector general’s report that found she violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state and said it will not “affect either the campaign or my presidency.
GO Rage Against the Machine Guitarist Tom Morello Compares Trump to ’Frat House Rapist’ - Breitbart.
GO Rage Against the Machine guitarist Tom Morello has released a short video in which he urges people to “stand up against” the “frat house rapist” Donald Trump.
GO Wilmore to Obama: ’You Did It, My N*gga’ - Breitbart.
GO White House Correspondents’ Dinner host Larry Wilmore closed his speech on Saturday by telling President Obama, “Yo Barry, you did it, my n*gga.
GO WikiLeaks Poll: 117,000 Votes, Trump Wins with 50% - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump won a WikiLeaks presidential poll with 50% of the overall vote, beating Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton by 28%.
GO Trump: Punishing Doctors, Not Women on Abortion ’The Way I’ve Always Felt,’ ’Could Be That I Misspoke’ - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “O’Reilly Factor,” GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump stated that “the doctor, or whoever it may be that’s really doing the act, or is responsible for the act, not the woman is responsible” is “the way I’ve always felt” and “It could be that I misspoke” when he said women who have abortions should be punished.
GO Rotherham Abuse Trial: Corrupt Cop Allegedly Protected Violent Member of Child Grooming Gang - Breitbart.
GO As the Rotherham abuse trial continues, Sheffield Crown Court has heard evidence that a corrupt policeman received payment to prevent the arrest of a violent member of a child grooming gang.
GO MSNBC Guest: Trump Calling for Racial Violence, Intimidation at the Polls - Breitbart.
GO Khalil Muhammad, Harvard professor of history, race and public policy, accused Donald Trump Saturday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” of calling for racial violence and voter intimidation when the GOP presidential nominee urged his supporters to monitor polling places in certain areas.
GO Marco Rubio Bought Gun On Christmas Eve to Defend Family From Terrorism - Breitbart.
GO During the January 17 airing of Face the Nation, Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) explained that he bought a gun on Christmas Eve because he has a Second Amendment right to do so and because it is a way he can defend his family from terrorism.
GO Partially Paralyzed Boy Bullied, Shoved into Trash Can.
GO A partially paralyzed high school boy was bullied by being tossed in the trash by a classmate at Hilltop High School in Chula Vista, California, then repeatedly shoved back into the trash can as he attempted to climb out.
GO Infant Found in Storm Drain After Ejected From Car.
GO A baby girl was found in a storm drain after she was ejected from a rollover car crash Friday night.
GO Sarah Palin: Obama’s Right ‘the Trump Movement Began in 2008’ When ‘the Silenced Majority’ ‘Found Their Voice’ - Breitbart.
GO In a statement to Breitbart News, former Alaska governor Sarah Palin responded to President Obama’s comments in a recent interview with New York Magazine’s Jonathan Chait that he sees “a straight line” starting from Palin’s vice presidential nomination in 2008 to the rise of the Tea Party movement and ultimately to the candidacy of Donald Trump.
GO Hillary Clinton’s Doctor: She Was Diagnosed with Pneumonia on Friday - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton’s doctor says she was diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday, and was “overheated and dehydrated” at the   commemoration event Sunday morning, where cameras caught her stumbling and then being placed into a van by her security details.
GO Silicon Valley Executives Sign Letter Condemning Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO Over 140 of Silicon Valley’s entrepeneurs and executives have signed an open letter condemning Donald Trump as a potential “disaster for innovation,” praising government involvement in the economy, and claiming “diversity is our strength.
GO Florida Governor Declares Zika State of Emergency in 4 Counties - Breitbart.
GO Florida Governor Rick Scott declared a state of emergency over the Zika virus threat in four counties on Wednesday, saying that he wanted state resources prepared for the possibility that Zika could begin spreading through Florida’s mosquito population.
GO Facebook to Label ’Fake News’ with Help of Partisan ’Fact Checkers’.
GO Facebook has announced it will introduce warning labels on stories they deem to be “fake news,” with the help of partisan “fact checking” organisations such as Snopes and PolitiFact.
GO Trump Stumps for GOP Senate Candidate John Kennedy: ’He Will Be a Fighter for You’ - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump is encouraging voters in Louisiana to get out and vote for the Republican United States Senate candidate John Kennedy as Louisiana holds its runoff elections on Saturday.
GO Syrian Refugee Charged With Assault and Battery After Grabbing Girl in Massachusetts Swimming Pool - Breitbart.
GO A Massachusetts judge has set a $25, 000 cash bail for a Syrian refugee charged with indecent assault and battery on a victim under 16.
GO Rush Limbaugh: Trump Told Truth, Clinton Wants to Take Your Guns.
GO On August 10 Rush Limbaugh reacted to the media attacks on Donald Trump by observing that Trump had simply told the truth about Hillary Clinton namely, that she wants to take your guns.
GO White House: The Term ‘Classified’ Is ‘Complicated’ And ‘Debated’ - Breitbart.
GO The White House is defending President Obama’s remarks concerning Hillary Clinton’s insecure exchange of classified information, when he suggested that the term “classified” was a subject of debate.
GO Donald Trump Drops Out of Scheduled CPAC Appearance - Breitbart.
GO Through a verified Twitter account Friday, the Conservative Political Action Committee (CPAC) announced, that at the last minute, Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump dropped out of his scheduled Saturday appearance.
GO Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on Vietnam War Image Ban: ’We Don’t Always Get It Right’ - Breitbart.
GO Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg responded to the controversy surrounding her platform’s ban on an iconic Vietnam War image last week, stating, “We don’t always get it right.
GO 30 Dogs Rescued from ’South Korean Meat Farm’.
GO Thirty dogs raised to be slaughtered and served for dinner were recently rescued from a “South Korean meat farm” and flown to San Diego as part of a program overseen by the Humane Society International.
GO Pence: Trump Has Been ’Completely Consistent’ on Immigration Plan - ’No Amnesty and No Path to Legalization’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” Republican   nominee Mike Pence Pence said his running mate Donald Trump’s immigration plan has no amnesty and no path to legalization.
GO Another 100,000 Migrants Likely To Arrive In Bottleneck Greece By End Of Month - Breitbart.
GO Greece is likely to receive another 100, 000 migrants by the end of the month, Europe’s migration commissioner warned on Saturday, two days ahead of an   summit seen as the only viable solution to the crisis.
GO Democrat Tom Coyne: Trump Challenging ’Institutional Elites’ in Both Parties.
GO Tom Coyne, a lifelong Democrat and the mayor of Brook Park, Ohio, spoke about his endorsement of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Matt Boyle.
GO Three New Charges of Vote Fraud Filed in Florida and Virginia - Breitbart.
GO Authorities in two states have filed vote fraud charges against three separate suspects, just 11 days before the November election, reports say.
GO Trump: ’Time To Close the History Books on the Clintons’ - Breitbart.
GO During Saturday’s GOP Weekly Address, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump touted his Contract with the American Voter, and said, “It’s time to close the history books on the Clintons, and to open a bright new chapter focused on the great citizens of our country.
GO Ted Cruz: Trump ‘Is Blatantly Lying to You and Laughing About It’ - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz accused GOP frontrunner Donald Trump of “telling us he’s lying to us” after Trump aides told RNC leaders that their candidate will moderate his message.
GO Shut Down: Portland State Black Lives Matter Takes Over Students for Trump Event - Breitbart.
GO Student Black Lives Matter activists at Oregon’s Portland State University shut down a meeting of Students for Trump supporters, as shown in a video posted on YouTube by a citizen journalist with the name Laughing at Liberals.
GO MSNBC’s Reid: There’s a ’Trumpist Attitude’ in Parts of the FBI - Breitbart.
GO In a Saturday conversation with The Daily Beast contributor Wayne Barrett about his article on the FBI’s ties to GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, MSNBC’s Joy Reid said there seems to be a “culture of Trumpism” and “Trumpist attitude” towards the Clintons in the FBI.
GO Donald Trump on His Campaign: ’We Call It The Smart Movement’ - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump came up with a new slogan for his presidential campaign during a campaign rally in Indiana on Thursday.
GO Speaker Ryan Moves to Cram Puerto Rico ’Rescue’ Through Divided House - Breitbart.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan is keeping his December commitment to Democrat Leader Nancy Pelosi to push for quick action by Congress on a   rescue package for Puerto Rico.
GO London Bridge attack: 2 of 3 killers identified.
GO London (CNN) British police have identified two of the three men behind Saturday night’s terror attack in London as Khuram Shazad Butt and Rachid Redouane.
GO Qatar rift: Saudi, UAE, Bahrain, Egypt cut ties .
GO Abu Dhabi, UAE (CNN) Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates broke off relations with Qatar in the worst diplomatic crisis to hit Gulf Arab states in decades.
GO In Montreal speech, Obama warns about appeal of authoritarianism.
GO Washington (CNN) Former President Barack Obama warned Tuesday against the appeal of authoritarian voices around the world    at several points airing veiled criticism of his successor, President Donald Trump.
GO How to watch the Comey testimony .
GO Washington (CNN) All eyes will be on former FBI Director James Comey as he testifies before the Senate intelligence committee on Thursday.
GO CNN Exclusive: US suspects Russian hackers planted fake news behind Qatar crisis.
GO Washington (CNN) US investigators believe Russian hackers breached Qatar’s state news agency and planted a fake news report that contributed to a crisis among the US’ closest Gulf allies, according to US officials briefed on the investigation.
GO Wreckage of missing Myanmar military plane found.
GO Yangon, Myanmar (CNN) Wreckage and bodies from a Myanmar military flight that had gone missing Wednesday afternoon have been discovered in the Andaman Sea, the military has confirmed.
GO Lindsey Graham: ’Half of what Trump does is not OK’.
GO Washington (CNN) Sen. Lindsey Graham, a frequent critic of President Donald Trump, said Thursday that many of the President’s actions are troubling    but that does not make them criminal.
GO Do Comey’s revelations show obstruction of justice?.
GO Washington (CNN) Fired FBI Director James Comey publicly confirmed for the first time Wednesday a series of ”very concerning,” ”very awkward” and ”inappropriate” conversations with President Donald Trump that concerned him ”greatly”    but do these interactions rise to the level of obstruction of justice?
GO Paul Ryan: Trump asking for Comey’s loyalty ’obviously’ inappropriate.
GO Washington (CNN) House Speaker Paul Ryan said it’s ”obviously” inappropriate for President Donald Trump to have asked ousted FBI Director James Comey to pledge his loyalty.
GO Iran’s Revolutionary Guards blame Saudis for Tehran attacks.
GO Tehran, Iran (CNN) Iran’s Revolutionary Guards say Saudi Arabia supported ISIS in the deadly twin attacks in Tehran on Wednesday, an accusation likely to infuriate the Saudi kingdom amid high tensions in the region.
GO Jeremy Corbyn is having the best night ever.
GO London (CNN) UK Opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn is having the best night ever.
GO Clapper on Comey testimony: ’The big story is Russian interference in our process’.
GO Washington (CNN) James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence, said Thursday that former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony exposes Russian interference as ”the big story.” ”The big story is Russian interference in our process,” he told CNN’s Anderson Cooper on ”AC360.” ”And they exceeded their wildest dreams and expectations, I’m sure, by the discord, doubt and disruptions they have caused in our political process.” Clapper told Cooper he thinks the Russians are ”emboldened now to be even more aggressive.” He said Watergate ”pales” in comparison to the probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
GO Blumenthal: If Sessions had 3rd, undisclosed Russian meeting, ’could be perjury’.
GO Washington (CNN) Sen. Richard Blumenthal said Thursday that if Attorney General Jeff Sessions did have a third, undisclosed meeting with Russia’s ambassador to the United States, it ”could be perjury.” CNN reported earlier Thursday that fired FBI Director James Comey told senators in a closed hearing that Sessions may have had a third interaction with Russia’s ambassador to the US, according to people familiar with the briefing.
GO Accused leaker Reality Winner pleads not guilty.
GO Augusta, Georgia (CNN) Reality Winner pleaded not guilty in federal court Thursday to one charge in connection with removing classified material from a government facility and giving it to an unauthorized person.
GO Trump: I’m willing to testify under oath about Comey claims.
GO Washington (CNN) A defiant President Donald Trump said Friday he was willing to testify under oath about his conversations with James Comey, further fueling the swirling controversy ignited by the fired FBI director’s bombshell testimony before the Senate on Thursday.
GO Trump: Qatar must stop funding terrorism.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump called on Qatar to stop funding terrorism, claiming credit for and endorsing the decision of Gulf nations to ostracize their neighbor, even as US Cabinet officials said their blockade is hurting the campaign against ISIS.
GO Former Rep. Giffords receives tributes at ship commissioning.
GO Washington (CNN) Former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, who survived an assassination attempt in 2011 that led to her resignation from Congress, received touching tributes Saturday from female politicians and military officials at a commissioning ceremony for a warship named after her.
GO Russia cloud settles in over White House .
GO Washington (CNN) The Russia ”cloud” is growing over President Donald Trump and threatening to wreck another week for the embattled White House as one of his closest allies tries to avoid a public spectacle on Capitol Hill.
GO Collins: Trump should give a ’yes or no’ on tapes.
GO Washington (CNN) Sen. Susan Collins said Sunday on CNN’s ”State of the Union” that she does not understand why President Donald Trump has refused to give a ”straight yes or no” answer to questions about whether he secretly recorded his discussions with FBI Director James Comey.
GO If there are tapes, can the White House be forced to turn them over?.
GO Washington (CNN) For President Richard Nixon, the controversy over his secret White House tape recordings began with a   at the Watergate Hotel.
GO Friend: Trump is considering firing Mueller.
GO Washington (CNN) One of President Donald Trump’s friends said he believes the President is considering dismissing special counsel Robert Mueller, who was appointed to lead the FBI investigation into Russia’s potential ties to the 2016 election.
GO In video of Penn State hazing death, victim looked ’like a corpse’.
GO Bellefonte, Pennsylvania (CNN) Surveillance video inside a Penn State frat house showed a student who ”looked like a corpse” by the time fraternity members came to his aid, a police detective said on Monday.
GO Exclusive: Dennis Rodman heading to North Korea.
GO Hong Kong and Washington (CNN) NBA Hall of Famer Dennis Rodman is expected to arrive in North Korea Tuesday, according to two officials in that country who spoke to CNN.
GO Comatose Otto Warmbier lands in US after release by North Korea.
GO Pyongyang, North Korea (CNN) American college student Otto Warmbier has landed back in the United States after more than 17 months in detention in North Korea.
GO Hospital: Scalise critical, ’improved’ in last 24 hours.
GO Washington (CNN) As his colleagues played baseball in his honor Thursday evening, MedStar Washington Hospital Center medical gave an update on Rep. Steve Scalise, who remains in critical condition but has improved.
GO Injured officer throws out first pitch .
GO Washington (CNN) A Capitol Police officer who risked his life responding to Wednesday’s attack on a Republican baseball practice threw the first pitch at the Congressional Baseball Game Thursday.
GO US sailors missing after collision off Japan.
GO Tokyo (CNN) Seven US sailors are missing and the commanding officer of a US destroyer is among the injured after the warship and a merchant ship collided off the coast of Japan, the US Navy said.
GO Bill Cosby jury to deliberate Saturday.
GO Norristown, Pennsylvania (CNN) After 52 hours of deliberation over five days, the jury in Bill Cosby’s trial has yet to reach a verdict.
GO Longtime Trump attorney hires lawyer in Russia probe.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump’s longtime attorney and adviser Michael Cohen has hired a lawyer to represent him in the investigations into Russian meddling in the 2016 election, Cohen told CNN on Friday.
GO Smiling faces of London missing haunt those left.
GO London (CNN) The only smiles around the blackened husk of Grenfell Tower are on the faces of the missing.
GO List of Republican congressmen found with baseball practice shooter.
GO Washington (CNN) A list of names    including some Republican members of Congress    was found with the Alexandria shooter, according to a law enforcement source and Rep. Mo Brooks, who was on the list and present at the practice but unharmed by the shooting.
GO London fire: May meets Grenfell residents.
GO London (CNN) British Prime Minister Theresa May said that support for families in the initial aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire disaster ”was not good enough” hours after she met Saturday with some local residents at 10 Downing Street.
GO London mosque attack suspect named, according to media outlets.
GO London (CNN) The driver of the van that plowed into pedestrians near a mosque in north London has been identified as Darren Osborne, 47, a resident of Cardiff in Wales, according to multiple UK media outlets.
GO Supreme Court takes partisan gerrymandering case.
GO Washington (CNN) The Supreme Court will take up the most important gerrymandering case in more than a decade, it announced Monday.
GO How hot is it in the West? Let us count the ways.
GO San Francisco (CNN) It’s so hot in the West that the scorching heat is breaking records, causing massive power outages and prompting flight cancellations.
GO Sean Spicer might be leaving White House podium.
GO Washington (CNN) The White House is mulling a new role for White House press secretary Sean Spicer that would take him away from the podium and into a different role inside the West Wing, a White House official said Monday.
GO Sources: Huntsman tapped as ambassador to Russia .
GO Washington (CNN) Former Utah governor and 2012 Republican presidential candidate Jon Huntsman has accepted President Donald Trump’s offer to serve as the next ambassador to Russia, several senior administration officials told CNN.
GO Trump, Obama haven’t spoken since inauguration, but advisers have.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump and former President Barack Obama have not spoken since the inauguration, but their respective advisers have.
GO DC restaurant alleges unfair competition in suit against Trump, DC hotel.
GO Washington (CNN) A local DC restaurant is taking President Donald Trump and his luxury hotel in Washington to court in the first lawsuit alleging unfair business competition since Inauguration Day.
GO FBI Director James Comey meets with Congress ’Gang of Eight’.
GO Washington (CNN) FBI Director James Comey spent Thursday afternoon on Capitol Hill meeting with the eight lawmakers who have access to the most highly classified information, sources told CNN.
GO Bill Clinton on the rise of nationalism: ’We are all having an identity crisis at once’.
GO Washington (CNN) Former President Bill Clinton said Thursday that the rise of nationalism worldwide over the last five years mimics the strife inside Israel that eventually led to the death of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin.
GO Nearly 100,000 displaced since start of western Mosul assault.
GO Irbil, Iraq (CNN) Nearly 100, 000 people have been displaced since the operation to liberate western Mosul began last month, according to Iraq’s Ministry of Migration and Displaced.
GO Putting ’America First,’ Trump said to plan lighter foreign travel than predecessors.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump, who entered office vowing to prioritize American workers and issues, has told his advisers to plan a lighter schedule of foreign travel than his recent predecessors, according to people familiar with the conversations.
GO Hoping for a miracle outside Chicago ICE office.
GO Chicago (CNN) Francisca Lino, an undocumented mother of four   children, waited outside the Chicago federal building Monday in freezing temperatures, hoping for a miracle.
GO White House: Trump paid $38 million in income tax in 2005.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump paid $38 million in taxes on income of more than $150 million in 2005, the White House confirmed on Tuesday.
GO Son’s DNA used to identify Kim Jong Nam’s body, police say.
GO Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (CNN) The body of Kim Jong Nam, the estranged half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un slain last month, was identified using a DNA sample from his son, Malaysian authorities said Thursday.
GO Paul Ryan refuses to say whether health bill would pass House if vote were Wednesday.
GO Washington (CNN) House Speaker Paul Ryan tried to offer a robust defense of the House plan to repeal and replace part of Obamacare, but declined to say whether the bill could pass the House as is Wednesday.
GO Poll: 55% of voters disapprove of Trump’s handling of health care.
GO Washington (CNN) Most voters    55%    say they disapprove of President Donald Trump’s handling of health care, while just 35% said they approved, according to a new Fox News poll released Wednesday.
GO Mick Fleetwood opens up about his passion for the arts at SXSW.
GO Austin, Texas (CNN) CNN caught up with Mick Fleetwood at the SXSW festival in Austin, Texas, on Wednesday, where the rock star discussed his upcoming book and opened up about this passion for the arts.
GO Separating Jadon &amp Anias.
GO The Bronx, New York (CNN) An exclusive look inside the operating room as surgeons separate    conjoined twins Jadon and Anias McDonald.
GO White House: No apology to British government over spying claims.
GO Washington (CNN) White House press secretary Sean Spicer flatly denied Friday that the White House apologized to the British government after citing an uncorroborated Fox News report to allege that a UK intelligence agency spied on President Donald Trump at the behest of former President Barack Obama.
GO Tom Brady’s stolen Super Bowl jerseys recovered.
GO Mexico City (CNN) Tom Brady’s missing Super Bowl jerseys have been found.
GO Punk rock band Sløtface slams Trump on women’s rights.
GO Austin, Texas (CNN) Members of punk rock band Sløtface, who reluctantly changed the spelling of their name from ”Slutface” after social media censorship, said that feminism is not just a women’s issue and now it’s up to men to join the fight, particularly in the age of President Donald Trump.
GO Ivanka Trump to get top security clearance and office, WH official says.
GO Washington (CNN) Ivanka Trump will work out of an office in the West Wing and get a security clearance, a White House official told CNN Monday.
GO London terror attack: Live updates.
GO London (CNN) Three people were killed and dozens more wounded in a terror attack Wednesday near the Houses of Parliament in London.
GO Trump to deliver Liberty University commencement address.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump will deliver the May commencement address at Liberty University, the largest Christian university in the world announced Wednesday.
GO Health care bill at House Rules Committee: What to expect.
GO Washington (CNN) The Republican health care bill currently being considered at the House Rules Committee.
GO Chinese officials warned US bomber.
GO Washington (CNN) Chinese officials warned a US military aircraft flying near South Korea Sunday, telling its pilots that they were illegally operating in Chinese airspace and ordering the American plane to leave, a US defense official told CNN.
GO Kochs pledge millions to GOPers in 2018 -- if they vote no on health care bill.
GO Washington (CNN) In a   effort to sink the Republican health care bill, a powerful network of conservative donors said Wednesday it would create a new fund for Republican 2018 reelection races    but they’ll only open it up to GOPers who vote against the bill.
GO Marine double amputee becomes cop in New York.
GO New York (CNN) A former US Marine left a double amputee after stepping on an explosive device in Afghanistan has become a police officer in New York.
GO US, Israel move closer to agreement to curb settlements.
GO Washington (CNN) The United States is moving closer to agreement with Israel to limit settlement construction that could pave the way for an eventual resumption of the   peace process, US, Israeli and Arab officials told CNN.
GO US military investigating if airstrikes caused nearly 300 civilian deaths.
GO Washington (CNN) The US military is investigating whether it was responsible for the deaths of nearly 300 Syrian and Iraqi civilians in three different sets of airstrikes this month.
GO Rep. Mark Sanford: ’Testosterone can get you in trouble’.
GO Washington (CNN) While President Donald Trump is blaming Democrats for the collapse of the Republican health care plan and others point fingers at the conservative House Freedom Caucus, Rep. Mark Sanford has his own theory about the failure: too much testosterone.
GO Mosul: 112 civilian bodies pulled from site of coalition airstrike.
GO Mosul, Iraq (CNN) At least 112 bodies have been pulled from the site of a   coalition airstrike in Mosul, senior Iraqi health official Ahmed Dubardani said Monday.
GO American Airlines co-pilot dies during landing in New Mexico.
GO Seattle (CNN) An American Airlines first officer died Wednesday after becoming incapacitated during the last phases of landing at Albuquerque, New Mexico.
GO Senate Russia investigators’ message: We’re the adults here.
GO Washington (CNN) The leaders of the Senate Russia investigation ticked through numbers, figures, details and procedure for close to 40 minutes Wednesday afternoon, but it all boiled down to one message: After all the drama with the House and GOP Rep. Devin Nunes, the adults are now in charge.
GO Obama: Trump’s NATO comments show ‘lack of preparedness’.
GO   President Barack Obama says GOP nominee Donald Trump’s recent suggestion that the U. S. might not come to the defense of NATO allies is another sign of Trump’s “lack of preparedness” on foreign policy.
GO Priebus on Immigration: Pathway to Citizenship Is ’Off the Table’ With Trump - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” while discussing the immigration policy of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus said’ a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants was “off the table.
GO Judge Jeanine: ’This Wasn’t an Election - It Was a Revolution’ - Breitbart.
GO Saturday in her “Opening Statement,” Fox News Channel’s “Justice” host Judge Jeanine Pirro fought back tears as she discussed Donald Trump being elected as the next president.
GO Karl Rove: Protests Disrupting Trump’s Rallies Will Help Him - Breitbart.
GO On “Fox News Sunday,” Republican strategist Karl Rove said the protests and violence at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s rallies could help the candidate because groups like Moveon.
GO Norman Lear: Politically Correct TV is Failing the American People.
GO Legendary television   Norman Lear believes today’s TV news networks are failing the American people by hewing too closely to political correctness.
GO Politico: Obama Aides Worry That Trump ‘Represents More of America Than a Fringe’ - Breitbart.
GO   Dovere writes in Politico that President Obama’s aides are now taking Republican nominee Donald Trump’s appeal to voters very seriously, worrying that Trump “represents more of America than a fringe” and could win the presidency “in part due to a backlash against Obama.
GO Donald Trump Ready To Fight ‘Mr. Tough Guy’ Joe Biden - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is ready to fight Joe Biden, after the Vice President said he’d like to take Trump “behind the gym.
GO McCain: Neither Trump Nor Clinton Have Right Military Strategy To Defeat Terrorism - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Sen. John McCain ( ) said neither Hillary Clinton nor Donald Trump have the right military strategy to defeat the growing threat of Islamic terrorism.
GO Stephen A Smith: ’I Sincerely Doubt’ We Will See Another Athlete Activist Like Muhammad Ali - Breitbart.
GO On the Friday broadcast of ESPN2’s “First Take,”   Stephen A. Smith reacted to the funeral of boxing legend Muhammad Ali and being asked if there would ever be another athlete activist like Ali.
GO Hillary: Trump Is Undermining Our Values, Setting Americans Against Each Other - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton said Republican presidential   Donald Trump was “undermining the values we stand for.
GO Yahoo To Be Sold To Verizon For $4.8 Billion - Breitbart.
GO After months of trying to find a buyer, Yahoo will finally be sold to US telecommunication giant Verizon in a deal worth $4.
GO Wikileaks: Podesta Asked Former Bill Clinton Adviser How to ’Stick the Knife in’ Bernie Sanders - Breitbart.
GO Thursday’s batch of WikiLeaks emails show Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta and a former Bill Clinton senior adviser discussing “how to stick the knife” into Bernie Sanders during the Democratic primary.
GO Dem Rep. Chaka Fattah Gets 10 Years in Prison for Fraud, Racketeering, Money Laundering.
GO Disgraced   U. S. Rep. Chaka Fattah was sentenced Monday to ten years in prison for bribery and stealing campaign contributions, charitable donations, and federal grant money to finance his personal lifestyle.
GO Carson: We Should Have Practical Training For Prisoners, Would Be Cheaper To Take Care of Mentally Ill - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson said that he believes “in many cases” ensuring the successful   of prisoners into society “may mean we should be offering some practical training” and that it would be a lot cheaper to take care of the mentally ill in dedicated facilities than the current system where they end up in prison during CNN’s Republican Presidential Town Hall on Wednesday.
GO Trump: ’Everything, Honestly, Is Going To Be Up,’ ’We Have To Negotiate,’ Some Of My Policies ’Will Be Changed’ - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump stated of his policies, “everything, honestly, is going to be up, and we have to negotiate, we have to see, I can’t make these decisions myself.
GO Poll: Republican Voters Ready to Stand by Trump Despite Lewd Comments Video - Breitbart.
GO Republican voters are very aware of the released video of Donald Trump making lewd comments about women, but a majority of them are willing to stand by their Republican nominee, according to a new   Consult poll.
GO Trump: I Would Love If ’Despised’ Warren Is Hillary’s Running Mate - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on “The Mike Gallagher Show,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said he would “love” Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) to be chosen as presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s running mate.
GO Pakistani Woman Accused Of Forcing Daughter Into Prostitution To Finance Pilgrimage to Mecca.
GO Dubai police have been investigating claims that a Pakistani woman forced her    daughter into prostitution to finance her family’s travel expenses for the annual pilgrimage to Mecca.
GO Jon Voight: Google ’Working for Hillary’.
GO Actor Jon Voight says it is “probably true” that search engine juggernaut Google is intentionally suppressing negative news stories about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
GO America’s Troops Celebrate Christmas Around the World - Breitbart.
GO Members of the U. S. armed forces deployed around the world celebrate Christmas in the photos and videos below.
GO Priebus: Intelligence Community Has Been ’All Over the Map’ on Russian Interference - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,”   Donald Trump’s incoming chief of staff, Reince Priebus said the intelligence community has “been all over the map” about Russia’s hacking interference in the 2016 presidential election.
GO Bill de Blasio and Robert Kraft Spotted at Trump Tower - Breitbart.
GO The owner of the New England Patriots, Robert Kraft, and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio were spotted separately at Trump Tower, according to Fox News.
GO Berlin’s New Secretary of State is Pro-Sharia Law Muslim.
GO The daughter of Palestinian immigrants is to be the Berlin senate’s secretary of state for coordinating federal and state affairs, but attention has focused on her recent remarks in support of Sharia law.
GO Peter King: ’I Fully Agree’ With Boehner, ’Maybe He Gives Lucifer A Bad Name By Comparing Him To Ted Cruz’ - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Wolf,” Representative Peter King ( ) expressed agreement former House Speaker John Boehner’s declaration that GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz is “Lucifer in the flesh,” adding “maybe he gives Lucifer a bad name by comparing him to Ted Cruz.
GO FLASHBACK- Washington Post in 2014: Non-Citizen Voting Gave Democrats 60th Vote for Obamacare - Breitbart.
GO A 2014 report published by the Washington Post documented how   foreign nationals voting in U. S. elections “likely gave” Democrats the critical 60th vote they needed to pass Obamacare.
GO Charles Ortel: States and Foreign Governments Investigating Clinton Foundation ‘Charity Fraud’ - Breitbart.
GO Charles Ortel, a successful investor and independent journalist, spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon on Wednesday about the state and foreign governments investigating charity fraud at the Clinton Foundation, despite FBI Director James Comey’s decision not to charge Hillary Clinton for her handling of top secret emails while she was Secretary of State.
GO Planned Parenthood ’Violated Law’, Says Texas.
GO The State of Texas gave Planned Parenthood the boot on Tuesday saying it would no longer allow it to participate in the Medicaid program in the Lone Star State.
GO Ann Coulter to Milo: The Republican Party Is Full of ’Pussies’ - Breitbart.
GO Ann Coulter sat down with Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos for an episode of The Milo Yiannopoulos Show to discuss Donald Trump, the size of the Republican candidate’s genitalia, and why the Republican establishment is full of “pussies.
GO Thousands to Protest Against Donald Trump in NYC at GOP Gala Next Week - Breitbart.
GO Organizers planning an   Trump protest in New York City next week expect thousands of people to show up when the GOP presidential frontrunner speaks at the New York State GOP Gala on Trump’s home turf of Manhattan, Breitbart News has learned.
GO Brzezinski Rips Hypocrisy of Democrats: Comey Was a Great, Credible Man a Week Ago - Breitbart.
GO Monday, MSBC “Morning Joe”   Mika Brzezinski ripped Democrats for being upset with FBI Director James Comey for reopening the criminal investigation into Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, saying Democrats thought of Comey as a “great, credible man” a week ago.
GO Glenn Beck Sues Former TheBlaze CEO in Texas Court.
GO Glenn Beck filed a lawsuit in a Texas court against former TheBlaze CEO and Mercury Radio Arts COO Christopher Balfe over allegations of contract breach, fraud, unjust enrichment and other matters Monday.
GO BuzzFeed, Fox News Doxx Michelle Fields, Leading Her to Flee Home - Breitbart.
GO Michelle Fields says she has received a flood of threats after two major websites, BuzzFeed and Fox News, published her home address.
GO Donald Trump Goes After Ted Cruz in Connecticut: ’Rafael! Straight Out of The Hills of Canada’ - Breitbart.
GO Although there’s been talk about GOP frontrunner Donald Trump acting more presidential, the billionaire was true to form during his Saturday morning campaign rally in Waterbury, Connecticut where he took swings at both of his rivals Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Ohio Gov.
GO New York Times Tech Columnist Calls on Google to Hide Hillary Health Info - Breitbart.
GO New York Times tech columnist Farhad Manjoo is calling on Google to “fix” its search engine results to hide evidence of Hillary Clinton’s failing health.
GO Allen West Meets with Team Trump at Trump Tower - Breitbart.
GO Colonel Allen West met with   Donald Trump’s foreign policy team on Monday, including Vice   Mike Pence, Mike Flynn and KT McFarland.
GO Meet Rex Tillerson, the Man Donald Trump Called ‘A World Class Player’ - Breitbart.
GO ExxonMobil executive Rex Tillerson is rumored to be   Donald Trump’s Secretary of State, but who is the man who could be the United States’ representative around the world?
GO Matt Damon: ’Petty, Thin-Skinned’ Donald Trump Would Be ’Disaster’ as President - Breitbart.
GO Actor Matt Damon believes presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump lacks the “temperament” to be U. S. president and predicts “disaster” if Americans elect him in November.
GO TV Networks Give 50x More Air-Time to Khizr Khan than Pat Smith.
GO Network newscasts devoted 50 times more   to Khizr Khan, who spoke at the Democratic National Convention about his son who was killed in combat while in Iraq, than to Pat Smith, who spoke at the Republican National Convention about her son who died in Benghazi.
GO First Time Ever All Refugee Olympic Team Heading to Summer Games - Breitbart.
GO On what the International Olympic Committee president referred to as a “historic day,” the IOC announced that for the first time ever a team of refugees will participate in the Olympics in 2016.
GO WI Woman and Son Accused of Stealing $3 Million in Food Stamps.
GO A Wisconsin woman and her son are accused of stealing $3 million in food stamps benefits from the federal government, according to court records.
GO Bruce Springsteen: Donald Trump is a ’Moron’.
GO Just a few weeks after dedicating a song to a concertgoer who handed him a Constitution scrawled with the phrase, “F*ck Trump,” rocker Bruce Springsteen ripped the Republican presidential candidate in an interview, calling him a “moron” whose candidacy is “tragic” for America.
GO Jeb: ‘I’m Going to Win This Nomination’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Republican presidential candidate former Florida Governor Jeb Bush said he doesn’t have to worry about if he will support his rival Donald Trump because “He’s not going to win the nomination and I am.
GO Chuck Todd: I Don’t Think Hillary Could Be Confirmed To Be AG Because of Email Conduct - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s edition of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” NBC’s “Meet the Press” host Chuck Todd said that he doesn’t Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton could be confirmed to be attorney general because of her email conduct.
GO Trump: ‘Guilty as Hell’ Hillary ‘Will Pay for Her Sins on Nov. 8’.
GO Donald J. Trump, the presumptive 2016 GOP presidential nominee, told Breitbart News exclusively on Wednesday that his Democratic counterpart presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton is “guilty as hell” over the email scandal.
GO Elizabeth Warren: Donald Trump Is a ’Proven Failure’ in Business - Breitbart.
GO Saturday at the Massachusetts Democratic state’s party convention Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was a “proven failure” in business.
GO NY: Man Arrested for Plotting New Year’s Islamic State Attack.
GO Federal officials have arrested a Rochester, New York man for allegedly plotting a New Year’s machete attack on behalf of the Islamic State terror group.
GO GQ Journalist Unpunished After Tweeting Wish to Beat Benghazi Victim’s Mother to Death - Breitbart.
GO GQ journalist Nathaniel Friedman, who goes by the pen name of Bethlehem Shoals, has apologized after tweeting that he would like to beat Pat Smith, the mother of Benghazi victim Sean Smith, to death.
GO President Obama Invites Syrian Refugee to State of the Union - Breitbart.
GO President Barack Obama has invited Syrian refugee Refaai Hamo, 55, to sit in Michelle Obama’s box during the State of the Union address.
GO Gowdy: Trump Tapped Into Anger, But ’Marco Is Our Best Chance to Win’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” Rep. Trey Gowdy ( ) said while Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has “tapped into a legitimate frustration and anger,” his opponent Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) is the GOP’s “best chance to win” in the general election.
GO Presidential Candidates React To Violence At Donald Trump’s Chicago Rally.
GO Five candidates for president weighed in on the violent clashes in Chicago at a planned Friday night rally for Republican frontrunner Donald Trump.
GO Donald Trump Rally In Chicago Canceled Amid Widespread Protests .
GO Donald Trump’s campaign canceled a planned Chicago rally on Friday night after chaos and clashes between protesters and attendees overtook the event.
GO No, Donald Trump Won’t Be Charged With Inciting A Riot.
GO Update: The Cumberland County Sheriff’s Office officially decided not to file charges against Donald Trump, North Carolina TV station WRAL reports: ”By Monday night, investigators determined that ’the evidence does not meet the requisites of the law as established under the relevant North Carolina statute and case law to support a conviction of the crime of inciting a riot,’ sheriff’s office spokesman Sean Swain said in a statement.” Original Post: Donald Trump has denied that escalating violence and heated confrontations at his political rallies were his responsibility, but one local law enforcement group weighed testing that on Monday.
GO Marco Rubio Ends His Presidential Campaign.
GO Florida Sen. Marco Rubio announced Tuesday night that he was suspending his campaign for president after losing his home state in a landslide to Donald Trump.
GO Obama Administration Will Not Allow Atlantic Offshore Drilling.
GO The Obama administration is reversing a plan to allow oil drilling in the Atlantic Ocean, after an uproar from local communities over environmental concerns.
GO At 13, She Was Raped. Nobody Wanted To Talk About It.
GO Editor’s note: Since we first published this post, the young woman who told her story has asked that her full name not be reported.
GO In A First, NFL Executive Admits Football Is Linked To Brain Damage.
GO A discussion on Capitol Hill about concussion research brought a startling moment Monday, as an NFL executive acknowledged for the first time that football has been linked to a degenerative brain disease.
GO Is Putin Withdrawing From Syria Out Of Strength Or Weakness?.
GO Russian President Vladimir Putin just made another shrewd and decisive move with his surprising decision to start withdrawing forces from Syria.
GO If You Set High Expectations For Your Marriage, Is It Doomed? .
GO Psychologists disagree on whether expecting your marriage to be a deeply fulfilling relationship makes it more likely that the union will thrive, or that it will doom you to disappointment.
GO McConnell: Blocking Supreme Court Nomination ’About A Principle, Not A Person’.
GO Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell vowed again Wednesday to block President Obama’s Supreme Court nomination, saying the American people should have a ”voice” in the process.
GO Merrick Garland Heads To Capitol Hill For What Could Be A Futile Exercise .
GO Federal appeals court judge Merrick Garland headed to Capitol Hill Thursday afternoon to meet with senators, beginning the traditional ritual of any nominee to the Supreme Court.
GO Paris Attacks Suspect Salah Abdeslam Is Captured During Raid In Brussels.
GO Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam, one of Europe’s most wanted men, has been taken alive during a police raid in the Brussels neighborhood of Molenbeek.
GO Why Europe Needs Turkey ... And Turkey Needs Europe .
GO Europe and Turkey have been negotiating for decades on the kind of relationship they want, and they’re nowhere close to a final deal on that big question.
GO Are Stun Guns Protected By Second Amendment? Supreme Court Suggests Yes.
GO The Supreme Court strongly suggested Monday that stun guns are protected by the Second Amendment right to bear arms.
GO Supreme Court Denies Marijuana Suit From Colorado’s Neighboring States.
GO More than a year after Nebraska and Oklahoma sought to sue Colorado over the   effects of that state’s law making recreational marijuana legal, the U. S. Supreme Court has denied the two states’ complaint.
GO Brussels Attacks: What Happened, In Photos And Maps.
GO ”What we feared has happened,” said Charles Michel, the Belgian prime minister, following Tuesday’s    attacks in Brussels, his country’s capital.
GO Presidential Race Moves West On Tuesday To Arizona, Utah And Idaho.
GO White House hopefuls are heading West on Tuesday as both parties face voters in Arizona and Utah, while Democrats will caucus in Idaho.
GO WATCH: On A Tough News Day, A Remarkable Moment Of Grace.
GO On a tough news day, we wanted to point you to a remarkable moment of grace that happened just before President Obama addressed the Cuban people at the Gran Teatro de la Havana.
GO Brussels Attacks, One Day After: What We Know.
GO A day after terrorist attacks in Brussels claimed by ISIS killed at least 31 people and wounded at least 270 others, police continue to search for a suspected accomplice.
GO Phife Dawg, A Founding Member Of A Tribe Called Quest, Dies At 45.
GO Malik I. Taylor, the rapper known as Phife Dawg who was a founding member of the seminal group A Tribe Called Quest, died Tuesday at the age of 45.
GO 2 Men Charged In Connection With Tuesday’s Attacks In Brussels.
GO Two men have been charged with crimes related to terrorism in connection with Tuesday’s attacks on Brussels.
GO 6 Miles Davis Albums That Changed Music.
GO Miles Davis died in 1991, but his influence on music is still being felt.
GO Cruz Hits Trump Over Attacks On His Wife: ’You Are A Sniveling Coward’.
GO The war of words between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz reached a new fever pitch on Thursday, with Cruz calling his GOP rival a ”sniveling coward” after the real estate mogul retweeted an insult aimed at the Texas senator’s wife.
GO The FBI Has Successfully Unlocked The iPhone Without Apple’s Help.
GO The   public and legal dispute between the government and Apple is officially over after the FBI managed to unlock the iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino terrorists without Apple’s help.
GO Suspect In Custody After Drawing A Weapon At U.S. Capitol .
GO U. S. Capitol Police shot a man at the Capitol Visitor Center on Monday afternoon after he drew a weapon during a routine security screening, Chief of the U. S. Capitol Police Matthew Verderosa said at a news conference.
GO A Week Later, No Word On When Brussels Will Reopen The Airport .
GO Belgium officials ran a simulation Tuesday at Brussels’ Zaventem Airport to figure out if it can at least partially reopen using new security measures demanded by the government.
GO Corey Lewandowski, Trump’s Campaign Manager, Charged With Battery.
GO Police in Jupiter, Fla. have charged Donald Trump’s campaign manager with battery for allegedly grabbing a reporter for Breitbart news following a Trump campaign rally earlier this month.
GO Oscar-Winning Actress Patty Duke Dies At 69.
GO Actress Patty Duke, who shot to fame as a teenager in the film The Miracle Worker, died Tuesday morning of sepsis from a ruptured intestine at age 69, her agent said.
GO Clift: Trump ’Tapped Into a Vein of Misogyny, and Hate, and White Supremacy’ - Breitbart.
GO The Daily Beast’s Eleanor Clift argued Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump “has tapped into a vein of misogyny, and hate, and white supremacy” and Republicans have “been flirting with racial divisions way back to the days of the Southern Strategy” on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group.
GO Listen: Pence Announces Endorsement of Cruz - Breitbart.
GO Indiana Governor Mike Pence (R) announced his endorsement of Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz on Friday’s broadcast of Garrison, Greg Garrison’s show on Indianapolis radio station WIBC.
GO Syrian Migrant Teen Demands All Signage Be in Arabic in Europe.
GO A Syrian migrant teen has demanded that all signs and products in Europe should be labelled in Arabic to make migrants feel more welcome.
GO EXCLUSIVE - Newt Gingrich: I Would Consider Being Trump’s Running Mate - Breitbart.
GO Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich tells Breitbart News that he would consider being Republican candidate Donald Trump’s running mate in November’s general election.
GO WATCH: Two Arrested for Blowing Pot Smoke into Toddler’s Face.
GO Police arrested two women on child endangerment charges after a video of them blowing pot smoke into a toddler’s face went viral.
GO Twitter CEO Temporarily Suspended From His Own Platform - Breitbart.
GO Around 9:00 PM EST, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey (@jack) was suspended from his very own social media platform.
GO SNL’s Che: Breitbart Isn’t a News Site - Breitbart.
GO During the “Weekend Update” on this week’s “Saturday Night Live,”   Michael Che mocked Breitbart News over   Donald Trump’s selection of former Breitbart executive chairman to be his chief strategist.
GO LeBron James Will Not Join Anti-American Anthem Protest - Breitbart.
GO Cleveland Cavaliers star forward LeBron James vows to not join San Francisco 49ers   quarterback Colin Kaepernick’s “Star Spangled Banner” protests and intends to stand at attention during the playing of the national anthem during the   basketball season.
GO Clinton VP Candidate Tim Kaine: FBI Is Working Directly with GOP to Destroy Clinton - Breitbart.
GO As the last days of the 2016 campaign season wind down, Hillary’s vice presidential running mate, Senator Tim Kaine, is out stating that the FBI and Director James Comey are working directly with Republicans to destroy Hillary Clinton.
GO Huffington Post Declares Megyn Kelly Victor-and Victim - Breitbart.
GO The Huffington Post has declared Megyn Kelly the victor of Thursday night’s presidential debate with a   spread cheering her combative handling of the Republican candidates gathered in Des Moines, Iowa.
GO Donald Trump to Speak at NRA-ILA Leadership Forum in May - Breitbart.
GO On April 12 the NRA announced that Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump will speak at the   leadership forum on May 20.
GO FBI: New York Bomber Rahami Bought Supplies on eBay Using His Name - Breitbart.
GO The terrorist responsible for multiple explosions in New York and New Jersey, Ahmed Khan Rahami, bought explosives supplies through website eBay using his name as his username, the FBI revealed in an indictment published Wednesday.
GO Challenger Paul Nehlen Calls Paul Ryan a ‘Soulless Globalist’.
GO Paul Ryan challenger Paul Nehlen said of Ryan in an interview Tuesday with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon that Ryan “says he’s a conservative from the conservative wing of the Republican Party.
GO MSNBC’s Elise Jordan: Hillary Was Also a Victim of Bill’s Behavior - Breitbart.
GO Saturday on MSNBC, political analyst Elise Jordan reacted to presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump labeling Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton an enabler for how she treated former President Bill Clinton’s victims.
GO Wikileaks: Washington Post’s White House Reporter Gave ’Heads Up’ to John Podesta - Breitbart.
GO Juliet Eilperin, The Washington Post’s White House bureau chief, emailed several people close to Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman, John Podesta, to give him a “heads up” that his name would appear in a pending article about lobbyists, according to Wikileaks.
GO Joe Scarborough: Bill Clinton Is ‘Trying to Destroy His Wife’s Campaign’ With ObamaCare Criticism - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Joe Scarborough said former President Bill Clinton was “‘trying to destroy his wife’s campaign” by criticizing ObamaCare while campaigning for his wife Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
GO Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton Should Return the Money She Got from Saudi Arabia - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump challenged Hillary Clinton to return the tens of millions of dollars she has accepted from Saudi Arabian donors, and called again for a special prosecutor to look into her alleged crimes as Secretary of State.
GO Ted Cruz Has Raised $3 Million Since Iowa Caucus - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz’s campaign has announced that they have raised $3 million dollars since the Iowa caucus.
GO Purdue Professor: ’I Would Have a Hard Time’ Talking to a Relative Who Voted for Trump - Breitbart.
GO During an interview broadcast on Wednesday’s “CNN Newsroom,” author, New York Times opinion writer, and Purdue Associate Professor of English Roxane Gay stated she “would have a hard time” talking to a relative who voted for Donald Trump.
GO Sanders Supporters Still Angry at Sarah Silverman for Calling Them ’Ridiculous’ - Breitbart.
GO Fans and supporters of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders’s presidential campaign are apparently still raw about having been called “ridiculous” by comedian Sarah Silverman at the Democratic National Convention in July.
GO School Bus Footage Shows 17-Year-Old Using Another Student’s Hand to Hit 5-Year-Old - Breitbart.
GO Per a Fox 8 report, a    South Carolina boy is facing assault charges after school bus video shows him using another student’s hand to slap a    girl last week.
GO Watch: Howard Dean Drops Out of DNC Chair Race, Says Dems Need Young Leader, He Doesn’t Support Ellison - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of “MSNBC Live,” former Vermont Governor Howard Dean commented on his departure from the race to be DNC Chair by saying that the party needs a younger leader, and that he does not support Representative Keith Ellison’s ( ) candidacy.
GO Hillary Clinton: Bill Clinton Coming ‘Out of Retirement’ - Breitbart.
GO Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton suggested that her husband, former President Bill Clinton, could serve as the focal point for the effort to restore manufacturing in states that were suffering huge coal job losses, especially in Appalachia.
GO Khamenei: Iran Must Stand Strong Against U.S. on Region.
GO Iran’s supreme leader said the Islamic republic must stand strong against Washington on the region’s conflicts, in an address Sunday to commanders of the elite Republican Guards force.
GO Michael Moore: Angry Voters See Trump as a Human Molotov Cocktail - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” while discussing the popularity of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump liberal filmmaker Michael Moore said angry voters “see Donald Trump as their human Molotov cocktail, that they get to go into the voting booth on November 8th and throw him into a political system.
GO Michael Moore: Donald Trump ’Won’ the First Debate.
GO While   during Monday night’s   first presidential debate, outspoken liberal documentary filmmaker Michael Moore contended that Republican Donald Trump “won” the contest over his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton.
GO Trumpocrat David ‘Mudcat’ Saunders: Charges of Racism and White Nationalism Against Steve Bannon Are ‘Insane’.
GO David Saunders, veteran Democratic   “Trumpocrat,” told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Matt Boyle the charges of racism thrown at former Breitbart News executive and founding Breitbart News Daily host Steve Bannon, following his departure to work for the Tump campaign and Trump White House, are utterly ridiculous.
GO Donald Trump Leads Polls In Eight of Twelve Super Tuesday States - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump leads the most recent polls in eight of the twelve Super Tuesday states, which will vote Tuesday March 1.
GO School Lets Boy Run for Homecoming Queen After Rejecting Request.
GO A Florida high school is backtracking its decision to deny a boy the chance to run for homecoming queen because of his gender.
GO Hillary Clinton: Donald Trump Would Damage Economy By Deporting Illegal Immigrants - Breitbart.
GO Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton tells voters that the United States would suffer if Donald Trump succeeded in deporting all illegal immigrants.
GO Brent Bozell Calls on Univision to Drop Jorge Ramos.
GO Media Research Center president Brent Bozell called on Univision to remove Jorge Ramos from his position after the Latino anchor called on fellow journalists to end their impartial coverage of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in an   published in Time Magazine and an appearance Thursday night on Fox News’s Kelly File.
GO Watch: Milo Rallies With Trump Supporters In Cleveland - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos rallied with hundreds of Trump supporters in Cleveland on Monday during a Citizens for Trump rally.
GO Milo at the University of Houston: It’s Time to Criminalize Black Lives Matter - Breitbart.
GO In his latest talk at the University of Houston as part of his ‘Dangerous Faggot Tour,’ Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos said that one of the ways the left can defeat the   would be with the criminalization of Black Lives Matter.
GO Free Speech Activist Mercedes Carrera Removed from SXSW Panel After Refusing to Censor Herself - Breitbart.
GO Politically active porn star, free speech activist, and GamerGate icon Mercedes Carrera dropped out of a panel appearance at SXSW this week after refusing to delete a list of tweets criticising notorious harasser and   activist Randi Lee Harper, who was also in attendance at the festival.
GO AP’s Pace: Trump Is Trying to Get ’Guidance from President Obama’ - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of on “Fox News Sunday,” Associated Press White House correspondent Julie Pace said President Barack Obama and   Donald Trump were “speaking on a somewhat regular basis” and she added Trump was trying to get guidance from Obama.
GO CNN: Kerry’s Speech on Israel ’Missed the Mark’ - Breitbart.
GO CNN’s correspondent in Israel, Oren Liebermann, reported Wednesday that U. S. Secretary of State John Kerry’s speech at the State Department had “missed the mark” if Kerry’s intent had been to reach Israeli viewers and convince them that lame duck President Barack Obama was serious about peace.
GO Young Adults Squeezed Out of Workforce - Breitbart.
GO Although the Obama Administration is celebrating the longest consecutive period of unemployment claims under 300, 000 since 1973, one major reason claims are low is that a record 93, 175, 000 mostly younger Americans have been squeezed out of the workforce.
GO Andrea Mitchell to Clinton Spox: It Looks Like Clinton Crossed the ’Firewall’ Between St Dept and Fdn She Promised Wouldn’t Be Crossed - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” host Andrea Mitchell told Clinton campaign Press Secretary Brian Fallon during an interview on the Clinton Foundation that “it does look like that firewall that she promised the Senate Foreign Relations Committee would not be crossed, was crossed.
GO Gloria Steinem Refuses to Pay Taxes If Planned Parenthood’s Funding Eliminated.
GO Radical feminist Gloria Steinem says she will send the portion of her income tax that would normally go toward funding Planned Parenthood directly to the organization if the Trump administration strips the abortion group of its funding.
GO Skip Bayless ‘Dumbfounded’ Troy Aikman Upset With Being Called Gay in His Book - Breitbart.
GO Fox Sports newly hired personality and commentator Skip Bayless is “dumbfounded” that Troy Aikman has an “issue” with intimating in his 1996 book,   that the Hall of Fame quarterback was homosexual.
GO Gizmodo Really Hates MILO’s Writing - Breitbart.
GO In an article criticizing ten articles from Breitbart News, Gizmodo listed six of MILO’s opinion pieces, demonstrating just how much they hate his writing.
GO DELINGPOLE: Donald Trump’s Environment Chief Could be his Best Pick Yet....
GO Donald Trump’s next head of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) could be his most inspired and devastatingly effective pick yet.
GO Trump Campaign: FBI Should Release More Records on Clinton’s Email Investigation - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump’s campaign is calling for the FBI to release additional records on its interview with Hillary Clinton and the investigation into her use of a private, personal email server during her time as secretary of state.
GO National Review: Obama Enabling Terrorism Through Dealing With Muslim Brotherhood.
GO President Obama is helping spread Islamism both at home and abroad by dealing with the supposedly “moderate” Muslim Brotherhood rather than banning it, according to an article in the National Review.
GO Saudi Cleric on Islamic State Hit List Wounded in Philippines.
GO Sheikh Aaidh   a renowned cleric from Saudi Arabia who is on the Islamic State’s ( ) hit list, was shot and wounded in the Philippines at the beginning of this month.
GO Jesse Jackson: In Texas AK-47s ’Can Bring Down Airplanes’ - Breitbart.
GO During the July 10 airing of Fox News Sunday, Jesse Jackson said that   in Texas “can bring down airplanes.
GO Glenn Beck: Facebook Employees ’Liberal’ but ’Not Progressives’ - Breitbart.
GO Glenn Beck’s blog on Medium dishing on his trip to Facebook headquarters declares that the employees he met, while   were not “progressives,” a term he has used to label Republican politicians such as Newt Gingrich.
GO Ted Strickland: Tim Kaine ’Ready to Become President’ If Necessary - Breitbart.
GO While introducing Democratic   nominee Tim Kaine at a high school in Dayton on Monday, former Ohio governor Ted Strickland raised eyebrows by stressing that Kaine is “ready to become the president,” if Hillary Clinton proves unable to serve.
GO Jim Jordan Destroys Loretta Lynch’s Alibi on Hillary Clinton Case.
GO Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) refuted Attorney General Loretta Lynch’s claim that she had deferred to the FBI’s recommendation over whether to prosecute Hillary Clinton for   classified information because she wanted to prevent any public perception of unfairness.
GO Olympics: Brazilian Soldier Killed After GPS Leads Him to Favela.
GO A Brazilian soldier was shot dead in Rio de Janeiro this week after his GPS led him to the notoriously violent Vila do Joao favela while the group attempted to navigate back to the Olympic Village.
GO Sandy Rios: 1.1 Million Families Join AFA’s Target Boycott, Stock Takes $2.5 Billion Hit - Breitbart.
GO Sandy Rios, the Director of Government Affairs for the American Family Association (AFA) gave Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon an update on AFA’s Target Boycott efforts, which has now gathered over a million signatures.
GO Trump: I’m Ready to Go Over $100 Million in the Campaign - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on CNN’s “Wolf,” when asked about funding his campaign, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said, “I will have over $100 million in, I’m willing to invest more than that.
GO MSNBC Host: Hillary ‘Faces a Double Standard Every Day, Right, Left and Center’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on MSNBC, host Stephanie Ruhle said Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton “faces a double standard every day” from the media on the “right, left and center.
GO EPA Employee Uses Taxpayer Funds to Pay for $15,000 Worth of Gym Memberships - Breitbart.
GO An Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) employee based out of Las Vegas paid for nearly $15, 000 worth of   gym memberships for 37 people using a government credit card, documents show.
GO Feinstein: I Believe Russia Interfered and Altered the Outcome of the Presidential Election - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) said she believes that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election and they did alter the outcome.
GO Ben Stein: Media Is ’Supreme Power in America’ Now - Trying to Cut Trump Down to Size - Breitbart.
GO During Saturday’s “Justice” on Fox News Channel, former Nixon and Ford speechwriter, actor and author Ben Stein said that mainstream media is acting as the “supreme power in America right now,” adding that they are trying to cut President Donald Trump “down to size.
GO Acting AG Sally Yates: Justice Department Won’t Defend Trump’s Immigration Order - Breitbart.
GO Sally Yates,    in former president Barack Obama’s justice department and now acting Attorney General until Jeff Sessions or another appointee is confirmed, ordered Justice Department lawyers not to defend President Trump’s temporary immigration ban.
GO FS1’s Whitlock: ESPN Has Gone Political to Try to ’Perfect’ the World - Breitbart.
GO During the Wednesday “Outkick the Coverage” broadcast on Fox Sports Radio, FS1 personality Jason Whitlock weighed in on his former employer ESPN’s increase in political coverage, saying the company has gone political in attempt to turn the world into more of a controlled safe space where everybody gets along.
GO George Takei: Trump Is a ’Foolish,’ ’Ignorant’ Troll - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on MSNBC’s “Am Joy,” while discussing the new lead   character on latest Star Trek series “Discovery,” actor George Takei of “Star Trek” fame called President Donald Trump a “troll,” and added that he though Trump was “as foolish and as uninformed and as ignorant as these trolls.
GO Tom Ciccotta Shuts Down Feminist Bucknell Professor for Interrupting Guest Speaker - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart’s Tom Ciccotta shut down a feminist Bucknell University professor after she repeatedly interrupted guest speaker Christina Hoff Sommers during an event in Lewisburg, PA, on Thursday night.
GO Illustrious Catholic Scholar Michael Novak Dies at 83.
GO After battling with cancer, Michael Novak, renowned American scholar and defender of the   economy and religious liberty, died on Friday at the age of 83.
GO Illegal Immigrant Family Shocked at Immigration Laws Being Enforced.
GO The family of an illegal immigrant arrested during a recent roundup of criminal aliens seems shocked that immigration laws are being enforced.
GO Report: Only 36 Percent of Indian Software Engineers Can Write Useful Code - Breitbart.
GO A new report states that only 36 percent of Indian software engineers can write working, compilable code based on a test used to automatically grade programming skills.
GO Shock: Colin Kaepernick Cares More About Protesting Than He Does About Football - Breitbart.
GO The sports media is just now learning what was apparent to conservatives and Republicans all last season: that Colin Kaepernick cares an awful lot more about politics than he does about football.
GO Chuck Grassley Demands Answers About Illegal Aliens Accused of Raping 14-Year-Old - Breitbart.
GO Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley fired off letters to two Cabinet agencies demanding answers about the illegal alien suspected accused of raping a    girl during school hours at Rockville High School.
GO Sen. Joe Manchin: Trump Administration Gets It on Coal Regs - Breitbart.
GO West Virginia Democrat Sen. Joe Manchin III praised President Donald Trump’s reversal Tuesday of President Barack Obama’s “Clean Power Plan,” which created a regulatory regime that targeted the coal mining industry and   energy plants.
GO Chuck Todd on VA Shooting: ‘We Are All to Blame’ for the ‘Toxic Stew’ of Political Discourse - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on MSNBC’s “MTP Daily,” host Chuck Todd reacted to the shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, VA, saying that we were “all to blame.
GO The Budget Funds 99 Things and a Wall Ain’t One - Breitbart.
GO The Trump administration did not get funding for a border wall construction in its   budget agreement with Democrats, so Breitbart News took a look at 99 programs that the federal budget is currently funding.
GO Media Meltdown Over Kellyanne Conway Sitting on Oval Office Couch.
GO A photo of senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway sitting on a couch in the Oval Office, while taking photos of President Trump as he met with leaders of historically black universities and colleges, spurred outrage and debate on social media.
GO College Republicans’ Lawyer Suggests Deploying National Guard If Mayor of Berkeley Cannot Maintain Order - Breitbart.
GO Harmeet Dhillon, a San Francisco lawyer representing the UCB College Republicans, held a press conference Monday to discuss the case being brought against UC Berkeley and suggested deploying the National Guard to provide security if Berkeley’s mayor could not maintain control of the city.
GO Shock Berkeley Poll: California Voters Want Democrats to Work with Trump - Breitbart.
GO A new poll by the Institute of Governmental Studies (IGS) at UC Berkeley shows that a majority of registered voters in California want the state’s elected Democrats to work with President Donald Trump rather than to resist his agenda.
GO Trevor Noah: ’When Are We Going to Start Treating Racism Like a Disease?’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday on ABC’s “The View,” Comedy Central’s “The Daily Show” host Trevor Noah said racism should be treated “like a disease.
GO Gowdy: Congress May Subpoena Susan Rice to Testify About Unmasking If Necessary - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” while discussing President Barack Obama’s former national security adviser Susan Rice’s decision to decline an invitation to testify before a Senate subcommittee on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, Rep. Trey Gowdy ( ) said that could lead Congress to subpoena her.
GO Vice President Pence Appears to Support EU Freedom of Movement.
GO U. S. Vice President Mike Pence held a joint press conference with European Council President Donald Tusk on Monday in which Pence affirmed United States commitment to the European Union while also raising questions as to whether the U. S. supports the European Union’s “freedom of movement.
GO Chris Wallace: Trump ’Apparently Thinks Transparency Is Overrated’ - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” during the panel discussion about the news that the White House will not release visitor logs and President Donald Trump not release his tax returns, host Chris Wallace declared that Trump “thinks transparency is overrated.
GO Cuba Gooding Jr. Sparks Outrage After Lifting Sarah Paulson’s Dress.
GO Actor Cuba Gooding Jr. came under fire on social media Sunday night and Monday morning after he appeared to lift up his American Horror Story   Sarah Paulson’s dress during a PaleyFest panel Sunday.
GO Rick Santorum: Obama Was a Vindictive Bully - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” former Sen. Rick Santorum said, “President Obama was probably one of the most vindictive presidents that we’ve ever dealt with,” adding, “This president has been a bully.
GO ’Invasion’: Officials Confirm Foreigners Fighting for Islamic State in 90% Christian Philippines - Breitbart.
GO Government officials in the Philippines have confirmed that some terrorists fighting with the Maute group and Abu Sayyaf, both Islamic State affiliates, are foreigners who traveled to the country to help the jihadists establish themselves.
GO Matthews: Trump Is ’Like a Monkey Banging With a Stick’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Hardball,” host Chris Matthews said President Donald Trump’s “boasts and bragging” was “simian,” adding it was like a “monkey banging with a stick.
GO Alabama Governor Appoints Luther Strange to Replace AG Jeff Sessions in Senate - Breitbart.
GO The governor of Alabama appointed his own state’s Attorney General, Luther Strange, Thursday to fill the Senate seat left vacant by former senator Jeff Sessions taking over President Donald Trump’s Justice Department.
GO Judd Apatow: I Feel Like I’ve Been ’Raped’ by Trump.
GO Hollywood comedy guru Judd Apatow took on President Donald Trump, his wife Melania, and their son Barron over the weekend in an     routine.
GO Terror Expert: Europe Needs to Brace Itself for ’More and More’ Islamist Attacks - Breitbart.
GO International terrorism expert Peter Neumann has warned Europe to expect an increasing number of attacks, as Friday’s truck terror in Stockholm marked the third Islamist atrocity to hit the continent in just three weeks with other deadly assaults taking place in St. Petersburg and London.
GO Howard Dean Thinks FISA Court Was Set Up After 9/11...It Was Not - Breitbart.
GO Former Vermont governor and Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean apparently thinks the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court was set up by President George W. Bush after the   terrorist attacks.
GO WATCH: MILO Video Producer Pushed, Spat On By UC Davis Protesters - Breitbart.
GO Footage from inside the MILO protests at UC Davis shows   protestors screaming and spitting at video producer Matt Perdie, with one describing him as a “Breitbart fascist.
GO CNN’s Jim Acosta to Spicer: Is Trump ’Detached From Reality?’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday at the White House press briefing CNN’s Jim Acosta asked if President Donald Trump was “detached from reality” because of comments the president made at a White House gathering for Senators on Tuesday night.
GO Mark Zuckerberg Calls for Universal Basic Income in America - Breitbart.
GO Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg closed his commencement speech at Harvard this week by discussing the need to “modernize democracy” and calling for universal basic income in America.
GO Watch: Jack Sparrow Returns in ’Pirates of the Caribbean 5’ Trailer - Breitbart.
GO Johnny Depp is back as the swashbuckling Jack Sparrow in the first full trailer for Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales, the fifth installment in the Pirates franchise due out this May.
GO Czech Republic: We’d Rather Risk EU Penalties Than Be Forced to Take Migrants.
GO The Czech Republic is not prepared to accept any more than the 12 migrants it has already taken under the quota scheme set up by the European Union (EU) even if that means facing sanctions, the nation’s interior minister has said.
GO Krauthammer: ‘They’re Quaking in Their Boots in Foreign Capitals’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday on Fox News Chanel’s coverage of the inauguration of the 45th president of the United States, President Donald J. Trump, Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer said of President Trump‘s inaugural address that, “They’re quaking in their boots in foreign capitals.
GO New York Times: Rockville Rape Went ’Virtually Uncovered’ on CNN, MSNBC - Breitbart.
GO A New York Times article pointed out that an alleged rape in Maryland went “virtually uncovered” on CNN, MSNBC, and most other networks, while Fox News devoted a considerable amount of time covering the incident.
GO Trump: ‘Ask Me in a Month’ About Moving U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem.
GO The Times of Israel reports: US President Donald Trump refused to confirm reports that he would announce the transfer of the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem during a visit to Israel next month, but hinted Thursday that he may clarify the issue at that time.
GO Michael Keaton: Trump Policies ‘Recruiting Tool’ for ISIS.
GO Actor Michael Keaton took to Twitter Monday and slammed President Donald Trump’s executive order temporarily suspending the U. S. Refugee Admissions Program, calling it “another recruitment tool” for ISIS.
GO Ryan: ’Tomorrow, We’re Proceeding’ on American Health Care Act - Breitbart.
GO While speaking to reporters on Capitol Hill about the American Health Care Act after the GOP’s meeting on the bill on Thursday, Speaker of the House Representative Paul Ryan ( ) stated, “tomorrow, we’re proceeding.
GO ’Refuse Fascism’ Group Behind Berkeley Riot Received $50k from George Soros - Breitbart.
GO One of the   “ ” groups behind last week’s riot in Berkeley, Refuse Fascism, received $50, 000 from a group backed by socialist billionaire George Soros, according to the Daily Caller.
GO Al Gore Says God Told Him to Fight Global Warming.
GO Former Vice President Al Gore is now telling his climate disciples that God commands us to go forth and fight global warming.
GO Donald Trump Meets Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko After Sanctioning Russian-Backed Separatists.
GO President Donald Trump met with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko on Tuesday as his administration imposed sanctions on   separatists in the country.
GO Angel Moms: Trump Administration to Support Program Helping Americans Hurt by Illegal Alien Crime - Breitbart.
GO On Breitbart News Sunday, the Angel Moms who lost children or other loved ones to illegal alien crime said that the Trump administration plans to support a program aimed at helping American families devastated by illegal immigration put their lives back together.
GO Donald Trump ‘Looking’ at Breaking Up Wall Street Banks - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump is open to the idea of breaking up giant Wall Street banks, separating consumer lending and investment banking, according to Bloomberg News.
GO NYT: Trump Changed the Party of Reagan to the ‘America First’ Party.
GO In a New York Times   R. R. Reno explains how Donald Trump has redefined the Republican Party from its   conservatism to its new populist, nationalist “America First” focus.
GO Notre Dame Students Claim VP Pence’s Presence on Campus Makes Them Feel ’Unsafe’ - Breitbart.
GO The uproar at the University of Notre Dame over Vice President Mike Pence’s upcoming commencement address has escalated, as students are now claiming that his presence on campus will make them feel “unsafe.
GO Geert Wilders: The Populist Genie Is Out of the Bottle.
GO   Party for Freedom (PVV) leader Geert Wilders, who stands a chance of being the Netherlands’ next prime minister, has said the demise of the European Union (EU) is now “irreversible” and that attempts by the bloc to punish the UK for leaving would backfire.
GO Watch: Steve Bannon Sworn in as President Trump Chief Strategist - Breitbart.
GO Sunday in East Room of the White House at the senior staff   ceremony, President Donald Trump’s chief strategist and senior counselor Steve Bannon was sworn in by Vice President Mike Pence.
GO Trump: ‘If China Is Not Going to Solve North Korea, We Will’.
GO President Donald Trump signaled his willingness to take on North Korea, regardless of whether China was willing to help the United States.
GO U.S., Mexico Agree on Narco-Governor Trial Venue Confirming Breitbart Texas Report.
GO A joint news release issued by U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and his counterparts in Mexico confirm a Breitbart Texas report about where a Mexican governor accused of cartel ties will stand trial.
GO Tea Party Activists Look to President Trump to Clean Up Ryan’s Obamacare 2.0 - Breitbart.
GO Tea Party activists, while critical of the healthcare bill proposed by Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) are giving President Trump the benefit of the doubt when it comes to the process of honoring his campaign promise to repeal and replace Obamacare.
GO How Not to Go Bonkers over Donald Trump.
GO So, here we are in week two of the Donald Trump presidency, and I don’t know about you, but I’m already kind of exhausted: My brain feels slightly bedraggled, and I think I may have run out of sighs.
GO A So-Called Court Ruling.
GO If the law means anything, the Trump administration will succeed in overturning the   court ruling against its travel ban.
GO The Right Can’t Defend Trump’s Behavior.
GO By now you may have noticed the difficulty many conservatives have defending everything President Trump does and says.
GO What Trump’s Attorneys Argued in the Ninth Circuit.
GO The Ninth Circuit just heard arguments last night in State of Washington v. President Trump.
GO Tax and Regulatory Reform Will Mark the End of Obama’s War on Business.
GO On the very day President Donald Trump’s   tax and regulatory policies are put in place, Barack Obama’s war on business will have officially come to an end.
GO Note to Left: Four Years Ago, Conservatives Were Just as Depressed.
GO Here’s a news flash for Democrats and other Americans on the left: Four years ago, when Barack Obama was reelected president, conservatives were just as depressed as you are now that Hillary Clinton lost and Donald Trump won.
GO Omar Abdel Rahman, the ‘Blind Sheikh,’ Is Dead.
GO Omar Abdel Rahman, the notorious “Blind Sheikh” who died on Friday night while serving his life sentence in federal prison, was never shy about being a terrorist.
GO A Swedish Gaffe That Wasn’t.
GO   television hosts got another gift from President Trump over the weekend, but it turns out the incident wasn’t so much comedy gold as it was an illustration of everything that is wrong about the colloquy between Trump and his critics on immigration and refugees.
GO The Fourth Circuit Runs Roughshod over Heller and the Second Amendment.
GO Freed up by the Supreme Court’s ongoing reluctance to engage in depth with the Second Amendment, the Fourth Circuit has taken it upon itself to rewrite Heller en banc.
GO Return of the Get-Whitey Movie.
GO What was it, exactly, that the   screening audience at the new movie Get Out was cheering for when the black protagonist killed an entire family of white folks one by one?
GO Yes, Deconstruct the Administrative State.
GO Steve Bannon blew a dog whistle for constitutional conservatives when he spoke of “deconstructing the administrative state” at the Conservative Political Action Conference.
GO What Mattis’s Plan to Defeat ISIS Should Look Like.
GO Defense Secretary Mattis has presented the White House with his plan to defeat Daesh (also known as ISIS).
GO A Way to Actually Help Women on International Women’s Day.
GO Organizers of the Women’s March are calling on women to strike on March 8, International Women’s Day.
GO Sessions Should Recuse Himself from Any Investigation into Russian Interference.
GO With the report out overnight that U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions met twice with the Russian ambassador while the presidential campaign was occurring last year, it is now clear that the ongoing investigation into possible Russian interference in that campaign should be conducted without Sessions having   authority related to it.
GO Is the GOP a Trumpian Party or a Conservative One?.
GO The initial reactions from Republicans to the   plan from House GOP leadership to repeal and replace Obamacare have been less than enthusiastic.
GO Michelle Obama visits Japan, Cambodia.
GO First lady Michelle Obama arrived in Japan on Wednesday for the first leg of a   trip to Japan and Cambodia focusing on the importance of girls’ education.
GO Yemen mosque attacks: ISIS purportedly lays claim.
GO Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) The Sunni terror group ISIS purportedly claimed it committed Friday’s bombings that killed scores of people at two mosques frequented by Shiite rebels in Yemen’s capital    an attack that would mark ISIS’s first   attack in the Arabian Peninsula country.
GO Bodies of 5 babies found in home in France.
GO Paris (CNN) Police found the bodies of five infants in a home near Bordeaux, France, according to news reports.
GO Yemen: Houthi rebels seize airport in Taiz.
GO Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) Rebels seized an international airport in Yemen Sunday as a U. N. envoy warned that the country was at ”the edge of civil war.” Houthi militants took over the airport in Taiz as they swept through the city and surrounding province, two officials with the Taiz provincial government said.
GO Germanwings plane crashes in France.
GO A Germanwings Airbus A320 plane carrying 150 people crashed in the foothills of the French Alps on Tuesday, March 24.
GO Ben Carson calls Obama a ’psychopath’.
GO Washington (CNN) Ben Carson says President Barack Obama is a psychopath.
GO Italy high court to weigh Amanda Knox case Friday.
GO Rome (CNN) Italy’s highest court Friday will consider whether to uphold the 2009 murder conviction of American Amanda Knox, according to Judge Gennaro Marasca.
GO Beauty queen criticized for not being Japanese enough.
GO Tokyo (CNN) A biracial beauty queen in Japan is facing criticism for not being Japanese enough.
GO Capitol Police Board says no more drunken Fourth of July parties.
GO Washington (CNN) Congressional law enforcement officials want to rein in the growing number of parties in the Capitol during the annual Memorial Day and July Fourth concerts, according to a letter from the U. S. Capitol Police Board that was sent to top congressional leaders this month.
GO Could Amanda Knox be extradited?.
GO Washington (CNN) Italy’s highest court will decide whether to uphold Amanda Knox’s murder conviction in the infamous 2007 case for which she had previously been found guilty and later acquitted.
GO Saudi Ambassador to U.S. won’t rule out building nukes.
GO Washington (CNN) The Saudi Ambassador to the United States would not rule out the possibility of the Saudis creating their own nuclear bomb to counterbalance a   Iran in an interview with CNN’s Wolf Blitzer on Thursday.
GO Richard III, King found under parking lot, laid to rest.
GO Leicester, England (CNN) Richard III, the King found beneath a car parking lot, has been reburied in a solemn but celebratory service, 530 years after his death in battle.
GO East Village Explosion: 2 -- maybe 3 -- missing.
GO New York (CNN) A powerful explosion has turned a section of New York’s East Village into heaps of bricks, pockets of smoldering flames and a crisscross of barricades.
GO East Village explosion: Bodies found in building rubble.
GO New York (CNN) Crews searching at the site where a building exploded in New York’s East Village found two bodies in the rubble Sunday.
GO Iranian aircraft buzzed Navy helicopter in Gulf.
GO Washington (CNN) An Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U. S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month, sparking concern that top Iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces, CNN has learned.
GO NYPD detective apologizes for Uber tirade.
GO New York (CNN) A New York Police Department detective apologized Friday for an angry exchange with an Uber driver that was caught on video and landed him on modified assignment.
GO Al Qaeda fighters free 270 from Yemen prison.
GO Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) Al Qaeda fighters attacked a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah early Thursday, freeing at least 270 prisoners, a third of whom have al Qaeda links, a senior Defense Ministry official has told CNN.
GO Sen. Robert Menendez indicted on corruption charges.
GO Washington (CNN) A defiant Sen. Robert Menendez asserted his innocence and pledged to fight federal corruption charges brought against him Wednesday, which he said were politically motivated and ”intended to silence me.” ”I have always conducted myself in accordance with the law.
GO Former Lynyrd Skynyrd drummer Robert Burns dies.
GO Atlanta (CNN) Robert Lewis Burns Jr. the original drummer in Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd, died Friday night in a car crash, a Georgia State Patrol spokesman said.
GO Obama: I’m ’absolutely committed’ to Israel’s security.
GO Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama says he is ”absolutely committed to making sure” Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran.
GO Mass graves found in Tikrit.
GO Tikrit, Iraq (CNN) Mass graves believed to hold Iraqi soldiers have been discovered in newly liberated Tikrit.
GO Ayotte staffer resigns after prostitution arrest.
GO Washington (CNN) A top staffer for New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte has resigned after he was arrested Friday night under suspicions he was attempting to hire a prostitute.
GO Poll: Majority of swing-state voters support legal weed.
GO Washington (CNN) A majority of voters in three key swing states support legalizing marijuana, according to a new Quinnipiac poll.
GO How Russians hacked the White House.
GO Washington (CNN) Russian hackers behind the damaging cyber intrusion of the State Department in recent months used that perch to penetrate sensitive parts of the White House computer system, according to U. S. officials briefed on the investigation.
GO Rahm Emanuel wins second term as Chicago mayor.
GO Washington (CNN) Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel thanked voters Tuesday night for giving him a ”second term and a second chance” as he declared victory over challenger Jesus ”Chuy” Garcia.
GO Rand Paul admits to ’short temper’.
GO Charleston, South Carolina (CNN) Sen. Rand Paul admitted Wednesday that he’s been   with reporters, but he hit back against criticism that he’s more harsh against female interviewers than males.
GO Howie Carr: 25 More Things You Don’t Know About Hillary Clinton! - Breitbart.
GO It makes perfect sense that Hillary Clinton would select Us Weekly as the forum in which to reveal her innermost secrets: “25 Things You Don’t Know About Me!
GO Obama to Anti-Trump Protesters: Don’t Be Silent - Breitbart.
GO Thursday in Berlin, at a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, President Barack Obama told the protesters over the victory of   Donald Trump to not “be silent.
GO CBS News/YouGov Utah Poll: Trump Leads by 17 Points - Breitbart.
GO While several recent polls from Utah have suggested Donald Trump is recapturing his lead there, an astounding new survey from CBS News and YouGov finds him with a   lead over Hillary Clinton, far beyond what other polls suggest.
GO Susan Collins to Donald Trump: ’Own Up To Making A Mistake,’ ’Apologize To The Judge’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on CNN’s “New Day,” while discussing the controversy over Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump raising concerns in the Trump University case over U. S. District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel’s Mexican heritage, Sen. Susan Collins ( ) said Republican presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump needs to “own up to making a mistake” and “apologize to the judge and to the American people.
GO Yazidi Parents Who Survived Islamic State Name Newborn Baby ’Trump’.
GO Yazidi parents in Iraq whose family has survived atrocities at the hands of the Islamic State ( ) named their newborn child “Trump” within minutes after Republican nominee Donald Trump became the U. S.   last Tuesday, reports the Haym Salomon Center.
GO AG Lynch: ’I Use the Department of Justice Email System,’ ’Independent’ Agents Will Do Review - Breitbart.
GO Attorney General Loretta Lynch stated that she uses the Department of Justice’s email system when asked if she have a private server in her home and that the review Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s emails would be by “career independent agents and lawyers” during an interview broadcast on Monday’s “Special Report” on the Fox News Channel.
GO Donald Trump: Must Keep ’Horrible Terrorism outside the United States’ - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump reacted to the terrorist attack on Tuesday in Istanbul that killed at least 28 people at Istanbul’s Ataturk airport, saying terrorism must be kept outside of the United States.
GO Wall Street Traders During Clinton Concession: ’Lock Her Up’.
GO Wall Street traders booed Hillary Clinton on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange during her concession speech to   Donald Trump Wednesday.
GO Pakistani Man Arrested for Alleged Plot to Bomb Brasilia Airport.
GO Authorities arrested a    Pakistani man in Brazil Sunday after his wife told police he was planning to bomb the Brasilia International Airport.
GO John Bolton Agrees with Bernie Sanders: Hillary Clinton not Qualified to Be President - Breitbart.
GO Asked about Bernie Sander’s recent comments that Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be President, former UN Ambassador John Bolton told Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon,”I think he’s right.
GO Bill Clinton: Investigation Into Hillary’s Private Email Server Is ’A Game’ - Breitbart.
GO Saturday, in Kokomo, Indiana, former president Bill Clinton said the FBI investigation into his wife Hillary’s handling of classified information on her private email server is “a game.
GO School Board Upholds Suspension for Teacher Who Stomped on American Flag.
GO A North Carolina school board has upheld the   suspension without pay of a high school teacher who stomped on the American flag as part of a lesson on the First Amendment.
GO Sanders: Media and Establishment Don’t Understand ’Tens of Millions’ of People Are Hurting, Not Racist or Sexist - Breitbart.
GO During an interview broadcast on Monday’s “Charlie Rose,” Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) stated of   Donald Trump’s election that the media and establishment don’t understand there are “there are tens of millions of people, who are not racists, who are not sexist, they’re hurting.
GO Puerto Rico’s $70 Billion Defaulted Debt Jumps to $113 Billion.
GO With a Congressionally appointed federal control board about to take over Puerto Rico’s finances, the U. S. territory just admitted that its massively spiked public pension plan owes another $43 billion.
GO Paris Suspect Admits To Being Brussels Airport ’Man In Hat’.
GO Belgium’s federal prosecutor said on Saturday that Paris attacks suspect Mohamed Abrini admitted to being the “man in the hat” seen accompanying two suicide bombers at Brussels airport on March 22.
GO Breitbart News Daily: LIVE from Des Moines - Iowa Caucus Results - Breitbart.
GO On the February 2 Breitbart News Daily show on Sirius XM Patriot channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST, host and Breitbart News Chairman Stephen K. Bannon and the Breitbart News Team will bring all the action on the results of the Iowa caucus and what it all means for New Hampshire, South Carolina, and beyond.
GO MMfA’s Boehlert: Conservative Media Has Created Misogyny - Breitbart.
GO Saturday on MSNBC, Media Matters senior fellow Eric Boehlert blamed the conservative media for creating misogyny while discussing the media’s handling of the National Enquirer’s story that GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) engaged in several extramarital affairs.
GO Hillary Clinton Has Declined Fox News Invitation to California Debate - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton has declined Fox News’s invitation to a Democrat presidential debate to be held on June 7th, right before the   California primary where 475 pledged delegates are at stake.
GO Islamic State Claims Ohio State Attack: Abdul Razak Ali Artan Was a ’Soldier’.
GO The Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the Monday car and knife attack on Ohio State University, describing      terrorist Abdul Razak Ali Artan as one of its “soldiers.
GO Patton Oswalt: Clinton a ’Badass’ for Campaigning with Pneumonia.
GO Comedian and prolific tweeter Patton Oswalt defended Hillary Clinton over concerns about her health on Sunday, calling it “badass” that the Democratic presidential candidate is campaigning “as hard as she is” after being diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday.
GO Wikileaks: Starbucks CEO Warned Hillary of ’Stale’ Campaign.
GO Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz wrote to Hillary Clinton aide Cheryl Mills in July 2015 to warn that the Clinton campaign’s message “feels stale” and lacks “transparency” and “truth,” according to an email released by Wikileaks on Tuesday.
GO WATCH: Sisters Arrested After Brawl in Memphis IHOP.
GO Two sisters were arrested and charged Saturday after starting a brawl at a crowded IHOP restaurant in Memphis, Tennessee.
GO Duterte: ’I’d Be Happy to Slaughter’ Three Million like Hitler.
GO In a rambling speech accusing the United States and the European Union of “hypocrisy,” Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte compared himself to German Nazi leader Adolf Hitler, saying he would be “happy to slaughter” as many “drug addicts” as Hitler massacred Jewish people.
GO Ted Cruz: ‘Environmental Policies’ Kill Jobs for ‘3-In Bait Fish’.
GO Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) waded into California water politics on Saturday, suggesting at the California Republican Party convention in Burlingame that eating the   Delta Smelt with “cheese and crackers” rather than allowing “out of control environmental policies” to kill California jobs, including those for Hispanic farm workers.
GO Andrea Mitchell: Steve Bannon ’Knows What Buttons to Push’ Against Hillary - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on MSNBC’s “MTP Daily,” while commenting on Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s latest attacks on his opponent Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s    accusations between   Clinton’s State Department and her family’s organization the Clinton Foundation, MSNBC anchor and NBC News chief Washington correspondent Andrea Mitchell said Trump’s campaign CEO Steve Bannon is “somebody who has traced the history and knows what buttons to push.
GO Desperate Media Declare Trump Mexico Summit a Failure in Advance.
GO Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had not even left yet for his visit to Mexico on Wednesday morning when the mainstream media began declaring it a failure.
GO CLINTON CASH: Bill and Hillary Made $238 Million After White House - Breitbart.
GO Bill and Hillary Clinton made $238 million after departing the White House in January 2001, according to Hillary’s newly released tax returns.
GO Donald Trump Plans ‘Victory Tour’ to Swing States.
GO   Donald Trump is planning a victory tour to states that voted for him, including swing states that supported a Republican for president for the first time in decades.
GO 10 Zika Virus Cases Confirmed in Texas, For Now.
GO The Texas Department of State Health Services (TDSHS) confirmed 10 cases of the Zika virus statewide on Wednesday while the latest number of reported cases continues to climb.
GO Obama: Omar Mateen Had ’Glock Which Had A Lot Of Clips in It’.
GO President Obama spoke to reporters Monday about the terrorist attack on the Pulse nightclub in Orlando and said Omar Mateen had a “Glock which had a lot of clips in it.
GO Bill Maher: Liberals Protested Apartheid in One Country, Ignore Sharia in 40 Countries.
GO Real Time host Bill Maher took his fellow liberals to task in a   essay in The Hollywood Reporter on Wednesday, questioning how any   progressive could protest apartheid in South Africa while ignoring the roughly 40 countries around the world who have implemented Sharia law.
GO Dole: Between Trump, Cruz ’I Would Vote for Trump - I Think He’s a Negotiator’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on Fox News channel’s countdown to Iowa coverage, former Senator Bob Dole said while his first choice for the Republican presidential nomination is Jeb Bush, if he had to choose between Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Donald Trump, Dole said, “I would vote for Trump.
GO Ben Carson: ’Time To Declare War on ISIS’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican Presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson joined Breitbart News daily host Stephen K. Bannon on Sirius XM radio today and was asked about his recent Fox News   “It’s time to declare war on ISIS,” and also to explain his interpretation of “civilizational Jihad” and how it would set the framework for him as    when it came to taking on ISIS.
GO Marco Rubio Asked For ‘Leniency’ Toward College Network That Admitted To Fraud And Contributed to His 2014 PAC - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Marco Rubio asked the U. S. Education Department to “demonstrate leniency” toward a   college network that admitted to falsifying its job placement rates and yet received millions of dollars in federal financial aid while under both state and federal investigations.
GO Glenn Beck on Why He Trusts Zuckerberg: ‘Mark Looks a Man in the Eye the Entire Time’ - Breitbart.
GO Glenn Beck participated in a QA with Kirsten Salyer of TIME magazine following the meeting he and 16 other conservatives had with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg at the social media company’s Menlo Park, CA, headquarters.
GO Campus Carry Heads to Full Senate Vote in Tennessee - Breitbart.
GO Campus carry for colleges and universities in Tennessee cleared another hurdle Tuesday and now heads to the Senate for a vote next week.
GO Breitbart News Daily: Made in America - Proudly - Breitbart.
GO On the Friday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM EST, host and Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon will discuss the challenges facing American manufacturing.
GO Jeff Foxworthy Pays Grocery Bill for Georgia Mother-of-Three.
GO Comedian Jeff Foxworthy helped out a    in a Georgia grocery store on Saturday when he purchased her items for her.
GO Mexican Newspaper: Build a Trump-Style Wall with Central America.
GO One of the largest newspapers along Mexico’s border with Texas is calling for a border wall with Central America, similar to the one being promoted by Republican Presidential Candidate Donald J. Trump.
GO Reince Priebus with Trump: ’Don’t Believe the Garbage you Read’.
GO Republican National Committee (RNC) Chairman Reince Priebus fired up more than 7, 000 people before introducing Donald Trump at his campaign rally in Erie, Pennsylvania on Friday afternoon, showing the Republican Party is united behind its nominee.
GO Banking Crisis: ECB Running Out of German Bonds To Buy.
GO The European Central Bank is running out of   German bonds to buy, which could usher in a new banking crisis for the European Union (EU).
GO 3 Down, 2 to Go: Al Jazeera America To Shut Down In April - Breitbart.
GO After nearly 3 years of ratings failure (to say the least) Al Jazeera America will finally be put out of its misery this April.
GO Singer Richard Marx Helps Subdue Violent Passenger on Flight.
GO Pop singer Richard Marx displayed a bit of   heroism this week when he apparently helped to subdue and restrain a violent, unruly passenger on a flight from Vietnam to South Korea.
GO Pamela Geller And ’Stop Islamization Of America’ Reinstated On Facebook Following Breitbart Story - Breitbart.
GO Despite initially saying they would suspend her for 30 days, Facebook has restored the account of Islam critic Pamela Geller and her group, “Stop Islamization Of America” following multiple stories from Breitbart Tech and across the media drawing attention to the social network’s double standards and history of liberal bias.
GO MSNBC’s Brzezinski: Feels Like Clinton Is ’Lying Straight Out’ About Her Emails - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday, MSNBC’s “Morning Joe”   Mika Brzezinski said that it feels like Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is “lying straight out” about her emails.
GO EXCLUSIVE – Breitbart’s Aaron Klein Asks Terrorist: I’m an American Jew, Do You Want to Kill Me?.
GO During a radio interview that aired on Sunday, U. S. radio talk show host Aaron Klein asked a leading Islamic   jihadist based in the Gaza Strip whether he or his terrorist group wants to kill Klein because he is an American Jew.
GO Poll: One Third of Swing Voters Say Media Pulling for Hillary Clinton, One Tenth Say for Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO   of the swing voting,   mushy middle of the American electorate believes the established media is unfairly pulling for Hillary Clinton, while    say the media is backing Donald Trump, according to a survey of 2, 000 voters by Morning Consult.
GO Hillary Clinton Appears on ’Funny or Die’ with Zach Galifianakis.
GO On Thursday morning, the Funny or Die website released a comedic interview between Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and actor Zach Galifianakis on Between Two Ferns, a fictional talk show regularly featured on the website.
GO Poll: Trump Loses only 2 Points to Clinton Leads Independents.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald J. Trump has only lost 2 percentage points to likely Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in the Wall Street   News poll, despite enduring a series of media controversies and the firing of his campaign manager.
GO 10-Year-Old Boy Brutally Raped By Iraqi Migrant at Pool in Vienna - Breitbart.
GO An Iraqi migrant has admitted to raping a ten year old boy in a Viennese swimming pool so ferociously that the boy had to be hospitalised for his injuries.
GO Donald Trump Only Candidate to Address 1,400 Indianapolis Workers Whose Jobs Are Being Sent to Mexico - Breitbart.
GO During tonight’s CBS Republican presidential debate, Donald Trump was the only candidate to address the news that Carrier will be sending hundreds of American jobs to Mexico.
GO Four World Dictators Mourning Fidel Castro - Breitbart.
GO While the world watches America’s Cuban exile community celebrate the death of dictator Fidel Castro, those who have governed their own countries similarly have issued official statements of condolences for the communist caudillo, describing him as a “giant” among repressive autocrats who “resisted” the beacon of freedom 90 miles to his north.
GO California Janitor Collected a $276,000 Salary in the Past Year - Breitbart.
GO A California janitor collected a   salary over the past year for the third year in a row, TIME reported.
GO Kim Jong Nam’s death: Footage surfaces showing attack .
GO Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (CNN) Closed circuit television footage released Monday appears to show the moment that Kim Jong Nam was attacked and the events leading up to his death.
GO 5 things to watch for in a new travel ban.
GO Washington (CNN) The Trump administration is taking another crack at rewriting its embattled travel ban this week, hoping this one will stand up in court.
GO Dining at the White House? Trump says try the meatloaf.
GO Washington (CNN) The White House kitchen can produce most anything, but it looks like President Donald Trump keeps running back to an old favorite: meatloaf.
GO Trump administration withdraws federal protections for transgender students.
GO Washington (CNN) The Trump administration on Wednesday night withdrew   protections for transgender students in public schools that let them use bathrooms and facilities corresponding with their gender identity.
GO Dakota Access Pipeline protest site is cleared.
GO Cannon Ball, North Dakota (CNN) The main Standing Rock protest camp near the Dakota Access Pipeline was cleared Thursday, a day after a deadline to leave the area expired, authorities said.
GO John McCain made a secret trip to Syria.
GO Washington (CNN) Sen. John McCain made a trip to Syria last week, his office confirmed to CNN Wednesday.
GO GOP lawmaker invokes Gabby Giffords in concerns about town hall safety.
GO Washington (CNN) A Texas Republican lawmaker invoked the shooting of former Rep. Gabby Giffords to explain why he is not hosting   town halls.
GO White House: Feds will step up marijuana law enforcement.
GO Washington (CNN) The White House said Thursday it expects law enforcement agents to enforce federal marijuana laws when they come into conflict with states where recreational use of the drug is permitted.
GO DC residents band together to try and oust Utah congressman.
GO Washington (CNN) Washington, DC residents, upset that a Utah congressman is meddling in their local politics, are using their voices and money    and setting up a PAC    to try and help oust him.
GO Mosul: Fleeing civilians killed by mines.
GO Irbil, Iraq (CNN) More than 50 civilians have been killed or injured by landmines since Friday night as they fled a village about 9 miles west of Mosul, Iraq’s Federal Police said in a tweet Saturday.
GO Battle for Mosul: Iraqi forces advance near key area in city’s west.
GO Irbil, Iraq (CNN) Iraqi forces are approaching a key area in western Mosul housing government buildings as they push beyond the city’s airport and a nearby military camp, Iraqi officials said Friday.
GO Kim Jong Nam suspect thought she used baby oil.
GO Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (CNN) A suspect in the death of Kim Jong Nam, the estranged half brother of North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un, thought she was rubbing baby oil on his face, according to an Indonesian official.
GO Inside Pyongyang: How North Korea is changing.
GO Pyongyang, North Korea (CNN) I’ve just returned from my tenth reporting trip to North Korea.
GO 2 women charged with murder in Kim Jong Nam’s death.
GO Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (CNN) Two women accused of killing the estranged half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un were charged with murder Wednesday.
GO Democratic women wear white to Trump’s address.
GO Washington (CNN) Democratic women in Congress made an impression Tuesday evening as they sat in the audience for President Donald Trump’s joint address to Congress.
GO Trump: I will ask Congress for a $1 trillion infrastructure bill.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump announced Tuesday that he will ask Congress to approve a $1 trillion infrastructure bill, a push that would make good on a key campaign pledge.
GO Race to be Hong Kong’s next leader kicks off.
GO Hong Kong (CNN) Hong Kong is getting closer to knowing who will be its next leader.
GO $1T infrastructure plan adds to spending worries in Capitol.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump’s promise to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure won applause Tuesday night in his first joint address to Congress, but has added to growing concerns on Capitol Hill about how he    and lawmakers    will pay for it.
GO Tom Hanks gives White House press an espresso machine.
GO Washington (CNN) The White House press corps won’t need to worry about staying caffeinated covering the new administration thanks to a new espresso machine gifted by actor Tom Hanks on Thursday.
GO Suspected chemical attack in Mosul, Red Cross says.
GO Irbil, Iraq (CNN) Twelve residents of the   Iraqi city of Mosul were treated for injuries from a suspected chemical attack this week, an official with the International Committee of the Red Cross said.
GO Trump tweets Schumer, Putin photo, calls for investigation.
GO Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump slammed Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer in a tweet Friday with Russian President Vladimir Putin and presenting a photo of the two leaders as evidence.
GO US allies in Syria make deal with Moscow, Damascus.
GO Washington (CNN) Some of America’s most critical allies in the fight against ISIS have made a deal to cede territory to Russian and Syrian government troops in northern Syria, the Pentagon confirmed Friday.
GO Kelly: There are ’13 or 14’ more countries with questionable vetting procedures.
GO Washington (CNN) Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly said that apart from the six countries listed on Monday’s travel ban, there are ”13 or 14” other countries that also have questionable vetting procedures.
GO THAAD missile defense system arrives in South Korea.
GO Seoul (CNN) The first pieces of a   missile defense system designed to mitigate the threat of North Korean missiles arrived at the Osan Air Base in South Korea Monday night, according to the US military.
GO Republicans unveil bill to repeal Obamacare .
GO Washington (CNN) House Republicans introduced their bill to repeal Obamacare’s individual mandate that also aims to maintain coverage for people with   conditions and allow children to stay on their parents’ plans until the age of 26.
GO Debate Commission: ’There Were Issues’ with Donald Trump’s Audio - Breitbart.
GO The commission on presidential debates admits there were problems with Donald Trump’s audio during his first presidential debate with Hillary Clinton.
GO Trump on Border Patrol Agents: ‘I Will Never Let Them Down’.
GO Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump responded to his endorsement from the National Border Patrol Council saying he will “never let them down.
GO Tim Kaine Picks Up the Slack as Hillary Hides from America - Breitbart.
GO While Hillary Clinton has remained conspicuously absent on the campaign trail, Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine is working tirelessly to pick up the slack.
GO Rand Paul: Hillary Could Get Five Years in Prison for Lying to Congress About Syrian Weapons - Breitbart.
GO During Thursday’s “O’Reilly Factor,” Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said that if WikiLeaks has emails that prove Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and her State Department were aware weapons were going to Islamic terrorists, Clinton could get five years in prison for lying to Congress.
GO Closed to the Press: Reporters Stuffed in Tobey Maguire’s Garage During Obama Fundraiser - Breitbart.
GO White House reporters following President Obama’s California fundraising tour were forced to wait in a garage, as President Obama attended an event hosted by Spiderman star Tobey Maguire, whose star role has since been replaced by two other younger actors.
GO Marco Rubio: Like Obama, ’I would’ Visit a Mosque as President - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said he would also visit a mosque, just like President Barack Obama did last week when he spoke at an Islamic center for the first time in his nearly eight years as commander in chief of the United States.
GO Huma Abedin: Hillary Is ’Still Not Perfect in Her Head’ - Breitbart.
GO Top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin said in 2015, after the campaign began, that Clinton is “still not perfect in her head.
GO Report: Islamic State Using Children as Executioners in Mosul.
GO The New York Times reports: GENEVA • Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) militants have summarily killed scores of civilians in the Iraqi city of Mosul in recent days, sometimes using children as executioners, and have used chemical agents against Iraqi and Kurdish troops, according to United Nations officials.
GO ’Neutral’ PolitiFact Rated Just 15% of Trump’s Campaign Claims as True but 51% True for Hillary - Breitbart.
GO PolitiFact rated just over 15% of Donald Trump’s campaign claims as true, while marking 51% of Hillary Clinton’s as such, according to PolitiFact Executive Director Aaron Sharockman.
GO Texas Man Busted for Smashing Police Car With Toilet Lid.
GO A Montgomery County, Texas, man is in jail after he allegedly smashed his way into a police car with a toilet lid.
GO BBC Radio Drama Gave Tips For Illegal Migrants In Somalia.
GO A BBC department that produced a radio drama giving practical tips to   migrants on how to cross from Somalia to Europe received nearly £90 million of British tax payers’ money.
GO Former Bill Clinton Official: Obama Must Expand Executive Actions to Regulate Ammo Sales.
GO In a January 6   admitting there is “zero” chance of congressional action on gun control, Ann Brown, a former Bill Clinton administration official, called on President Obama to expand his executive gun control with one more act: regulate ammunition sales.
GO Watch: Live Donald Trump Rally in Reno, NV - Breitbart.
GO Saturday at 8 p. m ET, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will hold a rally in Reno, NV at the   Convention Center.
GO Sanders: Voters See Hillary as ‘Lesser of Two Evils’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said voters see the choice between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump as “the lesser of two evils.
GO Gwyneth Paltrow Can’t Help Her Son with Homework Because She Doesn’t Understand Math - Breitbart.
GO   actress and lifestyle guru Gwyneth Paltrow confessed in a recent interview that she struggles to help her young children with their homework because she doesn’t understand the curriculum.
GO Breitbart’s Aaron Klein: Obama Administration Believes It Controls the Media - Breitbart.
GO Beyond the revelations in a recent controversial New York Times story concerning the White House’s marketing of the Iran nuclear deal, there is a larger trend of Obama administration officials believing they can control the news media, Breitbart Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter Aaron Klein stated in a radio interview on Wednesday.
GO Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx: Hillary the ’Best’ to ’Continue the Changes’ of Obama - Breitbart.
GO On Saturday, Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said on MSNBC that he feels Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is the “best and strongest” candidate “to continue the changes” brought on by President Barack Obama.
GO Hillary Clinton Sought Media Damage Control Advice from NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell after 2012 Concussion.
GO Hillary Clinton aides called upon NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell and former Republican Senate Leader Bill Frist for media messaging advice after the then secretary of state sustained a concussion from a fall she took in December 2012.
GO Morning Consult Poll: Clinton Lead Drops From 9 Pts To 3 In Just THREE Weeks.
GO A new poll from Morning Consult Intelligence has revealed that U. S. Republican candidate Donald Trump has closed the gap between him and Democrat hopeful Hillary Clinton, being just 3 points behind in data released on Sunday morning.
GO Dem Sen McCaskill: Sanders Saying Hillary Isn’t Qualified ’Like Fingernails on a Blackboard to Many Women’ - Breitbart.
GO Senator Claire McCaskill ( ) who is supporting Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, stated that Democratic candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) arguing that Clinton isn’t qualified “is like fingernails on a blackboard to many women across this country,” and “women who have succeeded in   fields have been used to being marginalized about whether or not they’re truly qualified” on Thursday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports.
GO Charity Execs Barred from London Premiere of DiCaprio Climate Doc.
GO Executives from a rainforest charity that has been critical of the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation’s reported ties to a Malaysian embezzlement scheme were reportedly denied entry to the London premiere of the actor’s climate change documentary on Saturday night.
GO Jamil Smith: We Need to Stop the Lionization of Police - Breitbart.
GO Saturday, on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” MTV News Senior National Correspondent Jamil Smith said that we need to stop the “lionization” of police on while discussing presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump’s response to the Dallas shooting on police officers.
GO Clinton Foundation Fears It Was Hacked, Hires Cyber Security Firm - Breitbart.
GO   officials at the Bill, Hillary, and Chelsea Clinton Foundation believe the charity’s internal servers may have been hacked as part of a   probe, spurring the billion dollar   to hire a cyber security firm.
GO Bolton: Geert Wilders Conviction About People ‘Trying to Suppress Speech’.
GO Asked about the news that a Dutch court has convicted populist lawmaker Geert Wilders of “inciting discrimination,” former United Nations Ambassador John Bolton told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Friday that he sees the trial and verdict as “part of a phenomenon we see throughout the West of people who are really trying to suppress speech.
GO Wikileaks: John Harwood Boasted of Goading Trump at Debate.
GO John Harwood of CNBC and The New York Times, who moderated one of the early Republican presidential primary debates, was not only supportive of Hillary Clinton, but boasted to Clinton campaign chair John Podesta about goading Donald Trump at the debate, according to new emails released Tuesday by Wikileaks.
GO ACU Chairman: Republican Pundits Will Fight Trump All the Way to Convention.
GO On Breitbart News Daily Tuesday morning, American Conservative Union chairman Matt Schlapp told Breitbart News executive chairman and host Stephen K. Bannon that a significant faction of the Republican party harbors   hatred for frontrunner Donald Trump and will fight him all the way to the convention.
GO Maher Mocks Claims Clinton-Lynch Meeting Was Innocent, 30 Minutes Is ’A Long Time To Be Talking About Your Grandchildren’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday, HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher mocked claims that the meeting between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton only discussed weather and grandkids and said, “to spend 30 minutes, that’s a long time to be talking about your grandchildren.
GO Josh Earnest: Breitbart Asks Tough Questions and Respects the Process - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said the Breitbart reporter at this daily briefings always “is respectful of that process and ask tough questions.
GO Facebook Apologizes After Banning Picture of Burn Victim on His Birthday - Breitbart.
GO Facebook came under fire after repeatedly removing a birthday picture of burn victim Lasse Gustavson this week, only backing down after a post calling the social network’s actions “disgusting” was shared over 10, 000 times.
GO Marine Corps Times Urges Veterans To Support More Gun Control - Breitbart.
GO On January 18, the Marine Corps Times criticized the “   attitude toward gun control” and urged veterans to support more gun laws.
GO Violent Anti-Trump Riots Break out in West Coast Cities, Campuses.
GO Violent   protests and riots broke out in several West Coast cities and on California campuses as news of Donald Trump’s victory in the 2016 presidential election spread.
GO Clinton Wades In: Urges Britain to Remain In European Union.
GO White House hopeful Hillary Clinton has waded into the Brexit debate, throwing her weight behind President Obama’s advice that Britain should remain within the European Union (EU).
GO Joe Biden: ‘I Have Less Money’ Than ‘Socialist’ Bernie Sanders.
GO Vice President Joe Biden campaigned for Hillary Clinton on Monday afternoon, joking that he has less money than his Senate colleague Bernie Sanders.
GO Hillary Clinton May Have Lied to the FBI About Colin Powell, Email - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has claimed that she told the truth to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) when she was interviewed last month about her private email server and her   of classified information.
GO Washington Post’s Dana Milbank: Hillary Is Right, ‘Half of Trump Supporters Are Racist’.
GO Washington Post columnist Dana Milbank doubles down on Hillary Clinton’s assertion that “half” of Donald Trump’s supporters are an “irredeemable” “basket of deplorables” who are, in her words, “racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic.
GO Caroline Glick: ADL Is Covering for Democrats’ Antisemitism.
GO Jerusalem Post columnist Caroline Glick accuses the   League (ADL) of launching false attacks on Stephen K. Bannon in order to cover up rising antisemitism in the Democratic Party, as exemplified by Rep. Keith Ellison ( ).
GO Matthews: Hillary’s Campaign ’Doesn’t Have a Soul’ - Breitbart.
GO MSNBC’s “Hardball” host Chris Matthews declared that the campaign of Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton “doesn’t have a soul” and has “no focus” on Friday’s “MSNBC Live.
GO Glenn Beck: God Prolonged GOP Primary So Every State Could Choose Between ‘Good or Evil’ - Breitbart.
GO In a fiery rally speech for Ted Cruz on Sunday night, Glenn Beck expressed his belief that God has sent us Cruz as “a man who was raised for these times,” and that God has deliberately prolonged the GOP primary season so that every state in the union will be forced to choose between “good or evil.
GO Only Bay Area Has Recovered from Great Recession - Breitbart.
GO Only four counties out of California’s 58 have fully recovered from the Great Recession, in the sixth year after the official economic recovery began.
GO New UKIP Leader Diane James On Sunday Politics: ’Make This Country Great Again’.
GO Newly elected UKIP leader Diane James told the BBC’s Sunday Politics that her priorities for the party included making “this country great again” and boosting national defence.
GO Trump’s Thank You Tour Heads to North Carolina, Iowa and Michigan - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump’s Thank You Tour will head to North Carolina on Tuesday evening, before he holds two more events later in the week in Iowa and Michigan.
GO Schweizer: ’Now We Have, Influencing Our Politics and Getting Favors and Access, Foreign Oligarchs’ - Breitbart.
GO On Saturday’s “Smerconish” on CNN, Breitbart editor at large and author of “Clinton Cash” Peter Schweizer stated that “The Clinton Foundation and the Bill Clinton speaking fees are a way around” are ways around federal law preventing foreign nationals from putting money into campaigns to get access, and “So, now we have, influencing our policies and getting favors and access, foreign oligarchs, not just American businesses and citizens.
GO Border Patrol Agent Killed in Texas Crash.
GO A U. S. Border Patrol agent has been killed in a car crash in the remote Texas county of Hudspeth.
GO Arizona: 18-Year-Old Mahin Khan Arrested on Terrorism Charges - Breitbart.
GO    Mahin Khan of Tucson, Arizona, was arrested on Friday and is currently being held at the Maricopa County jail, facing two terrorism charges.
GO Marco Rubio Plans Summit with His Mentor Jeb Bush - Breitbart.
GO Sen. Marco Rubio is planning to meet with his former political mentor Jeb Bush to try to bury the hatchet, the Florida Senator says.
GO Donald Trump Says He Is Willing to Meet with Mexico’s President.
GO Donald Trump says he is willing to meet with Mexico’s president, despite prior hostile invective from the leader of the country that has sent an abundance of illegal immigrants into the United States.
GO Spike Lee: Electing Trump ‘Could Be the End of Us All’.
GO Director Spike Lee criticized the United States as a “volatile” and dangerous country, and questioned Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s mental competency during an event at the Berlin Film Festival on Tuesday.
GO Expert: Dallas Police First in Nation to Kill Suspect with Robot - Breitbart.
GO Dallas police were the first law enforcement agency to have used a robot to kill a suspect on U. S. soil, according to robotics expert Peter W. Singer.
GO Ron Paul: No Candidates Deserve Libertarian Vote - Breitbart.
GO Libertarian icon and Former Texas Representative Dr. Ron Paul appeared on Fox Business channel Friday, heralding a message that neither Sen. Ted Cruz nor any Republican or Democrat candidate for president should win the libertarian vote.
GO Limbaugh: Trump Built the ’Coalition’ the GOP Claims to Want - Now They Are ’Badgering,’ ’Bashing’ It - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on his radio show, conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh argued that New Hampshire Republican primary winner Donald Trump won by building a coalition of voters that went beyond just conservatives, which is something the GOP has claimed was necessary to win elections in this era of American politics.
GO Trump In GOP Debate: Under No Circumstances Do We Limit Gun Sales - Breitbart.
GO During the January 14 GOP Debate, moderator Maria Bartiromo asked Donald Trump if there “are any circumstances in which we should be limiting gun sales of any kind in America?” And Trump said, “No.
GO Florida Man Arrested for Allegedly Riding the Back of a Manatee - Breitbart.
GO A Florida man was arrested for allegedly attempting to ride the back of a manatee in the Florida Keys, police say.
GO Library of Congress to Eliminate Terms ‘Illegal Alien’ and ‘Alien’ - Breitbart.
GO The Library of Congress is dropping the terms “illegal alien” and “alien” from its subject headings after a group of college students and the American Library Association protested the words’ usage.
GO Donald Trump: I Will Consult NRA On How Americans Can Defend.
GO During a June 13 speech, presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said he will be “meeting with the NRA” to discuss how Americans can best defend themselves in the wake of the Orlando terror attack.
GO CNN’s King: If Obama Doesn’t Get His SCOTUS Pick Through, He’ll Call Republicans Racist - Breitbart.
GO CNN chief national correspondent John King predicted that if President Barack Obama can’t get his Supreme Court nominee through the Senate, he’ll argue “that Republicans blocked him because he’s the first   president, and they didn’t give it to him because of his race” on Tuesday’s broadcast of “AC360.
GO Police Chief Blames Merkel Policy for Death of Maria L..
GO German police union chief Rainer Wendt has blamed the mass migration policies of German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the death of Maria Landenburger who was killed by an Afghani migrant.
GO Hillary: Trump ’Does Not See All Americans As Americans’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday during her remarks to at Planned Parenthood, presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump “does not see all Americans as Americans.
GO WATCH: James Earl Jones Reads Frederick Douglass Speech ’The Meaning of July Fourth for the Negro’ - Breitbart.
GO Actor James Earl Jones performed a reading of Frederick Douglass’s iconic 1852 speech “The Meaning of July Fourth for the Negro” in a video posted online by Democracy Now!
GO Anti-Trump Saudi Prince Tied to Both Rupert Murdoch And Hillary Aide - Breitbart.
GO Fox mogul Rupert Murdoch is partnered in multiple media ventures with Saudi Arabian Prince Alwaweed Bin Talal, including an Arabic religious TV network with a direct tie to Hillary Clinton’s top aide Huma Abedin.
GO Bill Clinton: Sexist Guys Won’t Vote for Hillary, Just Because She Is a Woman - Breitbart.
GO President Bill Clinton told a group of supporters that he knew there were sexist men who wouldn’t vote for his wife for president, simply because she was a woman.
GO Trump on Intelligence Briefings: ’I Get It When I Need It’ - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of on “Fox News Sunday,” while discussing reports that he is not receiving daily intelligence briefings,   Donald Trump said, “I get it when I need it.
GO Ariana Rowlands On The Milo Show: Why Sanders Fans Backed The College Republicans - Breitbart.
GO Ariana Rowlands from the UC Irvine College Republicans was adamant on the Milo Yiannopoulos Show that while the society had been reinstated to its previous position, the battle was not yet over.
GO Trump: ’I’ll Be Doing a Great Service to Our Country’ If ’B-Actor’ Lena Dunham Moves to Canada - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump said Tuesday that he would be doing a “great service” to the United States if celebrities, including Lena Dunham and Whoopi Goldberg, follow through with threats to move to Canada if he is elected president, and joked that he would campaign even harder as a result.
GO Mike Francesa on Harambe the Gorilla’s Protesters: ’What’s Wrong With You People?’ - Breitbart.
GO New York City’s sports talk radio host Mike Francesa delivered a rant today on his show against protesters of the killing of   Harambe the gorilla, who was shot dead Saturday after a    boy fell into the Cincinnati Zoo exhibit.
GO Trump Communications Advisor: Internal Polls Show Trump ’In Dead Heat’ With Clinton in Michigan, New Mexico - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump communications advisor Jason Miller stated on a New York radio station Friday that the campaign’s internal polls show the billionaire real estate mogul tied with Hillary Clinton in traditionally blue states such as Michigan.
GO Chuck Todd: Trump Is a ’Salesman’ Whose Ultimate Goal is ’Popularity’ - Breitbart.
GO Chuck Todd, the moderator of NBC’s “Meet the Press,” told Politico’s “Off Message” podcast earlier this month that   Donald Trump was a “salesman” and has an ultimate goal to be “popular.
GO Milo Event At Villanova University Cancelled Following Protests - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos will no longer be speaking at Villanova University, after college officials decided to cancel his November appearance, reports The Tab.
GO Olympic Committee Scolds Lebanese Delegation for Barring Israeli Athletes From Bus - Breitbart.
GO Haaretz reports: The International Olympic Committee reprimanded the head of the Lebanese delegation on Sunday after the Lebanese athletes refused to share a bus with the Israeli team ahead of the opening ceremony of the Rio Olympics on Friday.
GO Hillary: We Need Justices Who See Citizens United, Voting Rights Rulings Had ’Pernicious Effects’ - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that “we need Supreme Court justices” who see the “very pernicious effects” of the Voting Rights Act and Citizens United rulings and “would be looking for people who understood that” to appoint to the Supreme Court on Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball.
GO Dem Rep Grijalva: If Clinton Foundation Is ’Extraneous Issue’ That Speaks To Trust or Transparency, ’Then Get Rid Of It’ - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of “MSNBC Live,” Representative Raul Grijalva ( ) who supported Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) but is now supporting Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton stated that if the Clinton Foundation is “an extraneous issue, that goes to the heart of whether it’s trust or transparency, then get rid of it.
GO Lena Dunham: ’100 Percent’ Chance I’m Moving to Canada if Trump Wins - Breitbart.
GO Lena Dunham vowed “100 percent” to move to Canada if GOP frontrunner Donald Trump is elected president at a New York Women in Communications event on Monday in Manhattan.
GO Charity That Backed Anti-Israel Events Loses Government Cash.
GO A British charity that sponsored events accused of promoting hatred and violence against Jews and Israel has lost its government funding.
GO Alliance Over: Carly Calls for Kasich to ‘Get Out of Race’ - Breitbart.
GO Ted Cruz’s vice presidential pick Carly Fiorina is calling for John Kasich to exit the Republican nomination race following a supposed alliance made between the Cruz and Kasich campaigns in which they would focus on competing against frontrunner Donald Trump in the Indiana, Oregon, and New Mexico primaries.
GO Levin: Some Campaign Is Trying to ’Intimidate Me’ Using My Fiancée’s Son - If I Find Out Who, I’ll Expose Them - Breitbart.
GO Talk radio host Mark Levin said that someone, who he believes is with a GOP presidential campaign is trying to “intimidate” him by using the fact that his fiancée’s son works in Ted Cruz’s Senate office on Thursday.
GO Bloomberg’s Halperin: Kristol Third-Party Candidate is National Review’s David French - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on Bloomberg TV’s “With All Due Respect,”   Mark Halperin revealed the   candidate being teased by Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol is the National Review’s David French.
GO Record 25,984,000 Immigrants Employed in the United States in July - Breitbart.
GO The number of immigrants employed in the United States reached another monthly record high in July, according data released Friday by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
GO Obama: Trump Won’t Be President, Americans Know This Is Not a ’Reality Show’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday in Rancho Mirage, CA, at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations Summit news conference, when asked about Republican presidential front runner Donald Trump potentiality winning, President Barack Obama said he believes Trump will not be the next president.
GO NumbersUSA Highlights Bill Clinton Talking Like Donald Trump on Immigration - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton is touting her   policies, so NumbersUSA is out with a new video showing former President Bill Clinton echoing presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump on the topic of immigration.
GO Milo: Hillary Thinks the Name-Calling That Created the Alt-Right Will Beat It - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos told Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern that Hillary Clinton thinks she can defeat the   simply by calling them names, when in fact this is what created the movement in the first place.
GO Fmr Navy SEAL on Khizr Khan: There Have Been 3 Elections Since Son Was Killed - ’Part of the Clinton Machine’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday in an appearance on FBN’s “Lou Dobbs Tonight,” former U. S. Navy SEAL Team Six Leader Rob O’Neill pointed to the timing of Khizr Khan’s participation in presidential election politics and declared him to be “part of the Clinton machine.
GO Six Countries That Won’t Be Celebrating International Women’s Day - Breitbart.
GO It’s International Women’s Day, and   feminists around the western world are taking the opportunity to raise awareness of the struggles that   women face every day, like having to use tampons not being able to walk around nude with just a pair of nipple tassels on manspreading and, of course, the phony gender pay gap.
GO Hillary: ’Anybody Who Knows Me Knows You Can’t Buy Me,’ Billionaires Are Against Me - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential candidate former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that “[A]nybody who knows me knows you can’t buy me” and that “the billionaires” are opposing her on Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Hardball.
GO Ben Carson Voter: I Was ’Devastated’ By False Cruz Report.
GO An Iowa newspaper has documented the story of an activist for Dr. Ben Carson who was so devastated by a report from the Ted Cruz campaign that she could not speak for him at her local caucus meeting.
GO Texas Black Lives Matter Protesters Called for Killing of White Cops in 2015.
GO Texas Black Lives Matter protesters called for the “lynching” and “killing” of white people and white cops in August 2015, less than one year before the tragic sniper attack on cops in Dallas, Texas.
GO Trump-Clinton Showdown Most-Watched Debate in History.
GO Monday night’s first presidential debate between Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump was the   political debate in history, according to early ratings figures.
GO Rory McIlroy Not Playing Masters ’Hassle’ Three-Par Competition - Breitbart.
GO Next week at Augusta National, Rory McIlroy bows out of a portion of the “tradition unlike any other,” choosing not to play in the annual   competition at the Masters.
GO Trump Spox Katrina Pierson: Breitbart ‘Should Stand By Their Reporter’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on the Fox Business Network, Katrina Pierson, the national spokeswoman for Donald Trump’s presidential campaign, explained to Fox Business Network’s Charles Payne that Breitbart was right to stand by its reporter Michelle Fields in the wake of the controversy involving her being allegedly assault by Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski.
GO Donald Trump: ’I’ll Do More For The African American People In One Year Than Barack Obama Has Done’ - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump vowed to his supporters in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina on Friday afternoon that he will do more for African Americans in one year than President Barack Obama has done in his eight years in office.
GO Ted Cruz Campaign Has $19 Million in Bank - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz’s campaign says it has $19 million cash on hand.
GO Kellyanne Conway: Wisconsin Can ’Re-Set The Race’ For GOP Nomination - Breitbart.
GO Wisconsin could   the race for the GOP nomination, according to pollster and president of the Sen. Ted Cruz   Super PAC “Keep the Promise,” Kellyanne Conway.
GO Previously Deported Illegal Alien to Stand Trial for Murder.
GO An illegal alien who had been previously deported multiple times and then was let out of jail because of a government processing error is now set to stand trial for murder.
GO Theologian: World War II Was ‘Undoubtedly a Just War’.
GO Speaking with Breitbart’s Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon Friday, ethical expert and theologian Dr. Thomas D. Williams said that from the perspective of America’s involvement, World War II undoubtedly satisfied all the conditions to be considered a “just war.
GO Stop Common Core in Michigan: ‘We’re Not Fooled’ by Betsy DeVos, ‘We Know the Truth’ - Breitbart.
GO A member of the leadership team at Stop Common Core in Michigan says their activists are “not fooled” by Trump education secretary pick Betsy DeVos’s claim she is not a supporter of Common Core.
GO Brussels Bomber Was ‘Migrant Rights Activist’ Who Lived Next Door To EU.
GO The first man charged with the Islamic State (IS) Brussels terror attacks is a migrant rights activist and ‘freelance journalist’ who lived next door to headquarters of the European Union (EU).
GO Luis Gutierrez: Bernie Sanders Has ‘Troubling’ Immigration Record - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has been an unreliable ally and even, at times, enemy of the Latino and immigrant communities, according to Rep. Luis Gutierrez ( ).
GO Army Captain Sues Obama over Islamic State War - Breitbart.
GO Army Captain Nathan Michael Smith, 28, has filed suit against President Obama in the U. S. District Court for the District of Columbia, contending that the president lacks legal authority for his war against the Islamic State.
GO Watch: Justin Bieber Punches Fan in the Face in Barcelona.
GO Pop star Justin Bieber got into a scuffle with an eager fan while on his way to a performance in Barcelona on Tuesday, leaving the fan with a bloody mouth and a story to tell for years to come to his fellow Beliebers.
GO Whoops! Hillary Clinton Cancels Planned Trip To Charlotte After Mayor Begs Her To Stay Home - Breitbart.
GO Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was forced to cancel her planned trip to Charlotte, after the Democratic mayor of the city begged her on live television to stay home.
GO Paul Nehlen: Paul Ryan ’Sold His Vote! I Absolutely Believe That’ - Breitbart.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan’s Wisconsin primary opponent Paul Nehlen tells Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon today that he absolutely believes Paul Ryan “sold his vote” to support so called trade deals that Nehlen says are damaging to America.
GO Yale Student Survey Reveals Conservative Views ’Unwelcome’ on Campus - Breitbart.
GO According to a report by the Yale Daily News, a recent survey revealed that conservative views are “unwelcome” on the Ivy League school’s campus.
GO Obama: Trump is More Interested in ‘Tweets and Headlines’ Than Keeping America Safe - Breitbart.
GO Thursday in Japan at the   meeting, President Barack Obama said world leaders are “rattled” by the presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump because Obama said Trump seems more interested “in getting tweets and headlines instead of actually thinking through what it is that is required to keep America safe.
GO Video of ’Grand Theft Auto’ Mod with Exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Pulled from YouTube - Breitbart.
GO Samsung made YouTube take down a Grand Theft Auto V mod video because it included footage of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones being used as explosive devices.
GO April Ryan: Comey Was ’Pressured’ by Trump, Other Republicans Who Hate the Clintons to Reopen Clinton Investigation - Breitbart.
GO During the Saturday broadcast of “AM Joy” on MSNBC, American Urban Radio Networks White House correspondent April Ryan accused GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump and other Republicans who despise Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton of pressuring FBI Director James Comey to reopen the criminal investigation against Clinton.
GO ’#CrippledGreg’: Texas Governor Taunted to Ask God to Walk Again.
GO A Twitter user attacked Texas Governor Greg Abbott for his religious faith and asked him why God has never helped him walk again.
GO Sarah Silverman’s Twitter Account Hacked with Anti-Hillary Clinton Video - Breitbart.
GO Sarah Silverman’s Twitter account was apparently hacked shortly after the actress and comedian delivered a speech in support of Hillary Clinton at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on Monday.
GO Cologne Migrant Who Licked And Groped Girls Laughs As He Walks Out of Court a Free Man.
GO The first migrant convicted of sex offences in Cologne on New Year’s Eve has received a suspended sentence and laughed at the court as he walked free.
GO Stephen A: Some People Call Me Racist, Some Call Me an Uncle Tom - ’I Don’t Give a Damn’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday during a segment about the future of black Cincinnati Bengals head coach Marvin Lewis, ESPN’s Stephen A. Smith addressed the white people who call him racist and the black people who call him an Uncle Tom, telling them he “doesn’t give a damn.
GO ESPN’s Marly Rivera to Lou Holtz: You Have to Respect My Culture - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s “First Take” on ESPN2, ESPN’s Marly Rivera responded to former Notre Dame coach Lou Holtz comments at the Republican National Convention where he called the high number of immigrants an “invasion” and said immigrants should learn and speak English.
GO Texas Prisoners Bust Out of Jail – To Save Jailer.
GO Inmates in an North Texas county jail busted out of their jail cell after a jailer collapsed on the floor.
GO African Cardinal Asks Apology for Abortion ’Genocide’ of Blacks.
GO The outspoken South African Cardinal Wilfrid Napier has called for an apology for the massive human deaths at the hands of the U. S. abortion industry, and in particular the disproportionate number of black babies that have been aborted, which he refers to as “genocide.
GO Maher: Giuliani and Christie Are Trump’s ’Goebbels and Göring’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated that former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani (R) and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie were GOP nominee Donald Trump’s “Goebbels and Göring.
GO Chuck Todd: ’Anti-Intellectualism’ Has Taken Over the GOP - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Chuck Todd, the moderator of NBC’s “Meet the Press,” quipped that “ ” had taken over the Republican Party.
GO Exclusive: Donald Trump: ‘I Am the Messenger’.
GO On Friday’s Breitbart News Daily, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said that he is the “messenger” for a movement that will continue long after the 2016 presidential campaign ends, regardless of its outcome.
GO Sanders: Trump ’Said Outrageous Things and He Needs to Apologize to the American People’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said during the campaign   Donald Trump “said outrageous things and he needs to apologize to the American people.
GO Fitness Trainer Accused of Knowingly Transmitting HIV to Women.
GO A personal fitness trainer from a Chicago suburb has been arrested and charged with knowingly transmitting HIV to several women he was dating.
GO TIME: Donald Trump Is ‘Person of the Year’ - Breitbart.
GO Time magazine taps Donald Trump as “Person of the Year,” and is announcing the news on the Today show.
GO Criminal Investigation Opened After Man Appears to Urinate on Kellogg’s Cereal Assembly Line - Breitbart.
GO The FDA has opened up a criminal investigation into a video appearing to show a man urinating on an assembly line at a Kellogg facility in Memphis, TN, according to a report by Fox5.
GO Hillary to Sanders: ’There Comes a Time Where You Have To Look At The Reality’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday, on CNN’s “State of the Union with Jake Tapper,” Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton said of her rival Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) staying in the race, “there comes a time where you have to look at the reality.
GO White House Denies Pallets of Cash to Iran Was Hostage Payment.
GO The White House predictably denied that pallets of cash airlifted to Iran on the same day that U. S. hostages were released was a payment for their release.
GO Terror Expert: Green Party May Have Been Infiltrated By Islamists.
GO A senior security expert has spoken out following the   resignation of a government minister and the defenestration of others from Sweden’s Green Party, expressing his concern that it may have been successfully infiltrated by Islamist entryists.
GO Sideline Reporter Emily Austen Booted for Remarks about Mexicans, Jews, and Chinese - Breitbart.
GO Sister networks Fox Sports Sun and Fox Sports Florida booted sideline reporter for the Orlando Magic and the Tampa Bay Rays, Emily Austen, for stereotyping various ethnic groups on the Barstool Sports ‘Rundown’ show.
GO Jennifer Lawrence Set to Play Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes in Upcoming Film - Breitbart.
GO Hollywood director Adam McKay has announced that he is working on a drama film starring Jennifer Lawrence that will focus on the life of disgraced Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes.
GO Jon Bon Jovi: Trump’s Candidacy ’Scares the Sh*t Out of Me’.
GO Bon Jovi frontman Jon Bon Jovi is concerned that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has a chance to win the White House in November.
GO Jonathan Daniel Brown: Democrats Shouldn’t Expect Bernie Supporters to ’Fall in Line’ for Clinton - Breitbart.
GO I sat down with actor, writer, and Project X star Jonathan Daniel Brown to discuss why, as a Democrat, he won’t be voting for Hillary Clinton, and why a substantial amount of Bernie Sanders supporters are now starting to look elsewhere.
GO Kaine Dodges on Clinton’s ‘Open Borders’ Leak: ’I Have No Way of Knowing’ If Comments Are True - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” when asked about Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton telling bankers behind closed doors that she wanted “open trade and open borders” according to transcripts of her leaked Wall Street speeches, Democratic   nominee Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) said he has “no way of knowing,” if the leaks are true to which host Jake Tapper said, “Well you could ask her.
GO Maher: Maybe Europe Will Have ’More Sympathy’ For Israel And Stop Being A**holes to Them - Breitbart.
GO HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher wondered if, in light of the recent terrorist attacks in Europe, “Europe will have a little more sympathy for what Israel goes through” instead of being “real a**holes” to them on Friday.
GO Hillary Clinton Committed Perjury Before Benghazi Committee.
GO Secretary of State Hillary Clinton testified under oath before the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October that she had turned over “all my work related emails” from her private email server to the State Department.
GO Glenn Beck Blasts Drudge for Mocking His Fast, Quotes Bible to Encourage Indiana to ‘Turn Away’ from ‘Boasters’ and ‘Blasphemers’ Like Trump - Breitbart.
GO After blasting the Drudge Report for linking to a Breitbart article about his latest fast, Glenn Beck doubled down on his religious rhetoric by reciting a passage from the Bible about “boasters” and “blasphemers” to encourage Indiana voters to “turn away” from GOP frontrunner Donald Trump.
GO Watch: Cruz, Rubio Fight Over Immigration - Breitbart.
GO In the Saturday Republican presidential debate on CBS, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) both of Cuban descent debated on the topic of immigration.
GO 2008 VIDEO: Marco Rubio Pushed For ‘Cap and Trade’ As Florida State House Speaker - Breitbart.
GO As the Speaker of the Florida state House of Representatives, now U. S. Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) was aggressively pushing for Florida to adapt to what he viewed as an inevitable “federal cap and trade program.
GO Donald Trump’s Aggressive Schedule, Campaigning in Three Swing States This Weekend - Breitbart.
GO Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is gearing up for the general election by planning an aggressive schedule this coming weekend, campaigning in three swing states more than a month before the Republican National Convention where he’s set to become the official GOP nominee.
GO ESPN’s LZ Granderson: Hillary Is Off the Campaign Trail to Avoid Questions About WikiLeaks - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” contributor LZ Granderson said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is off the campaign trail to avoid answering questions about the damaging WikiLeaks stories of the last few weeks about several of her and her staff’s emails.
GO Raheem Kassam Drops Out of UKIP Leadership Race.
GO UKIP leadership race   Raheem Kassam has withdrawn his bid to lead the party citing concerns over the integrity of the process, and calling on his supporters to rally behind former London mayoral candidate Peter Whittle.
GO North Carolina Sex Offender Busted After Allegedly Chaining Girl to Tree.
GO A registered sex offender in North Carolina has been arrested after a    girl was found chained to a tree.
GO Massive Da Vinci Arson Allegedly Inspired by Black Lives Matter.
GO The man charged with setting a fire that burned down the massive downtown Los Angeles Da Vinci complex in 2014, causing $100 million in damage, allegedly claimed to have been inspired by the Black Lives Matter movement.
GO Kellogg Foundation Made Huge Grants to John Podesta’s Center for American Progress.
GO The W. K. Kellogg Foundation gave nearly two million dollars to the John   Center for American Progress and a closely affiliated organization called Washington Center for Equitable Growth that also lists John Podesta as a founder.
GO Michelle Obama: Hillary Clinton Is ‘Impressive’ ‘Phenomenal’ Woman - Breitbart.
GO First Lady Michelle Obama praises Hillary Clinton as an “impressive” and “phenomenal” woman, despite reports that she still hasn’t warmed up to the former First Lady.
GO Politico Scoop: Eric Trump Killed Two Deer - Breitbart.
GO On November 30 Politico reported that Eric Trump killed two deer during a recent   hunt in Turkey.
GO Florida Man Arrested for Demanding McDonald’s Stop Playing Christmas Songs - Breitbart.
GO A Florida man has been arrested after he threatened McDonald’s staff because they were playing Christmas music and he demanded they play Muslim music instead.
GO Eichenwald: Trump Mental Hospital Tweet Was a Joke and ’A Signal to a Source to Talk to Me’ - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of ABC’s “Good Morning America,” Newsweek Senior Writer Kurt Eichenwald said his claim that   Donald Trump had been institutionalized was a joke about stories about Democratic nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s health, and “a signal to a source to talk to me.
GO Vicente Fox Apologizes for Trump’s Visit to Mexico, But Had Invited him in May - Breitbart.
GO Former President of Mexico Vicente Fox is bashing Donald Trump’s visit with Mexico’s current President Enrique Peña Nieto, ahead of the Republican nominee’s speech on immigration in Pheonix, Arizona.
GO Donald Trump Beheaded in ’Spawn’ Comic Book - Breitbart.
GO Image Comics has become the latest comic book publication to take aim at Donald Trump, “beheading” the Republican presidential nominee in its latest issue, “Spawn Kills Everyone!
GO Chaos in Baton Rouge: The New Black Panthers Are Here.
GO New Black Panthers and BlackLivesMatter activists protesting the deaths of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile were arrested and weapons were confiscated Saturday evening in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
GO Candy Carson: ’We Are Going to Continue This Fight’ After SC - Breitbart.
GO Candy Carson, wife of retired neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson, says: “Yes, we are going to continue this fight” when asked by Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon if her husband will remain in the race for the long haul.
GO Vanity Fair: Murdoch Sons See Megyn Kelly as ‘Brightest Star’ and ‘Future’ of Fox News.
GO Sarah Ellison writes in Vanity Fair about the efforts of Rupert Murdoch’s sons James and Lachlan to renew the contract of Fox News’s “brightest star, Megyn Kelly,” who they see as a “big part of the future” of the formerly   cable news network, despite her “enmity” for the network’s other stars, Bill O’Reilly and Sean Hannity.
GO Dr. Alan Mendoza: Brussels Bombing Shows European Multiculturalism ’Simply Has Not Worked’ - Breitbart.
GO Dr. Alan Mendoza, founder and Executive Director of the Henry Jackson Society, said the coordinated terrorist bombings in Brussels must force Europeans to consider multiculturalism simply has not worked and they must “remember what being European is” Tuesday morning on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM.
GO Hillary Clinton Campaigns with Al Gore Blames Hurricane Matthew on Climate Change - Breitbart.
GO With Al Gore by her side, Hillary Clinton channeled climate change alarmism into her speech in Florida, by blaming Hurricane Matthew on global warming.
GO Donald J. Trump: To Run the Country, You Must ‘Manage with Heart’.
GO Billionaire real estate magnate Donald J. Trump, the presumptive GOP nominee for President of the United States, told Breitbart News in his latest exclusive interview that to run the country a president needs “heart.
GO Dan Savage: I Don’t Want Path To Citizenship For Illegal Immigrants, ’I Just Want To Give Them Citizenship’ - Breitbart.
GO Writer Dan Savage stated that he doesn’t want a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants in the US, he just wants to give them citizenship on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time.
GO Donald Trump: ’Probably Won’t Be Doing the Debate’ with ’Third Rate Reporter’ Megyn Kelly - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said he “probably won’t be doing the debate” on Thursday night and called Fox News’s Megyn Kelly a “lightweight” and a “third rate reporter.
GO Report: Yale Professor Makes Midterm Optional for Students Upset over Trump Win - Breitbart.
GO An economics professor at Yale University has reportedly made an upcoming midterm optional for students distraught over Donald Trump’s victory in Tuesday’s presidential election.
GO Atlantic’s Goldberg: Dems Feel Like They Are on ’the Bataan Death March’ to the Nomination - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” in commenting on the State Department inspector general’s report that found Hillary Clinton violated the agency rules by using a private email server during her tenure as secretary of state, The Atlantic’s national correspondent Jeffrey Goldberg said, “the whole Democratic establishment sort of feels like it’s on a Bataan Death March to the nomination.
GO Ohio State President: Attack Was a Car, Knife Attack - Breitbart.
GO Ohio State University President Dr. Michael Drake told reporters the attack that left at least 9 people injured and one suspect dead was carried out with a car and a knife.
GO Glenn Beck’s NYT Op-Ed Likens Black Lives Matter to Tea Party.
GO In the following   for the New York Times titled “Empathy for Black Lives Matter,” The Blaze founder Glenn Beck compares the Black Lives Matter movement to the Tea Party and describes Black Lives Matter “believers” as “decent, hardworking, patriotic Americans” who “feel disenfranchised and aggrieved.
GO Brazil’s President Dilma Rousseff: My Impeachment Is Sexist.
GO President Dilma Rousseff of Brazil is halfway through the process of being impeached, accused of borrowing money to misrepresent the state of her nation’s economy to outsiders.
GO Missouri Officer ’Shot from Behind’ Listed in Critical Condition.
GO A police officer in Ballwin, Missouri, was “shot from behind” Friday while walking to his patrol car, and is still listed in critical condition.
GO Bruce Jenner: Being Transgender in Hollywood Easier Than Being Republican - Breitbart.
GO After spending the past year living as a woman, reality TV star and Olympic gold medalist Bruce Jenner concludes that there is only one thing more difficult in Hollywood than changing genders   …     being a Republican.
GO Lewandowski: ‘Donald Trump Will Never Change’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on CNN’s “The Lead,” when asked about Republican presidential   Donald Trump’s convention manager Paul Manafort’s comments last week at a Republican National Committee meeting saying that Trump is playing a “part,” Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said the comments meant Trump tailors his messaging based on crowd size, but added “Donald Trump will never change.
GO French President to Meet Pope Francis After Priest Murdered by Jihadists.
GO French President Francois Hollande will travel to the Vatican this Wednesday to meet with Pope Francis, reportedly to discuss the fallout from the murder of a French priest by Islamic terrorists last month.
GO Pope Francis Pays Visit to Towns Devastated by Earthquake.
GO On Tuesday Pope Francis paid an unannounced visit to several of the towns hardest hit by an earthquake that struck central Italy in late August, killing nearly 300 people.
GO Twitter Users Call on Donald Trump to Pardon Wikileaks’ Julian Assange - Breitbart.
GO Numerous users on Twitter have called upon   Trump to pardon WikiLeaks founder and editor Julian Assange as one of his first acts in office.
GO Peter Thiel at the National Press Club: The Movement Behind Trump Is ’Not Going Away’ - Breitbart.
GO PayPal   and billionaire Trump supporter Peter Thiel proclaimed at the National Press Club in Washington, D. C. on Monday that what Donald Trump represents is “not going away,” and that depending on the outcome of this upcoming election, “the only important question will be whether or not that new politics came too late.
GO Schumer: GOP Will Crack, Have Hearings and Vote on Obama’s Supreme Court Pick - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on MSNBC, while discussing President Barack Obama’s nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court left by the late Justice Antonin Scalia, Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) said despite the Republican Senate leadership insisting they won’t giving Garland a hearing, they “will crack” and have a hearing and a vote.
GO 3rd Poll Shows Sanders in Dead Heat with Clinton, Down by 2.
GO A Field Poll released on Thursday shows Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) trailing former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton by two points in the California primary,   a statistical dead heat.
GO Labour’s Muslim Mayoral Candidate: ‘I Am The West’.
GO Sadiq Khan, Labour’s candidate for London Mayor has underscored his belief in a multicultural west which embraces Islam and its values, proclaiming to Muslims abroad: “I am the west.
GO Flynn: Hillary Clinton Should Not Be Too Big To Jail - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” former Defense Intelligence Agency Director and current adviser to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump retired Lt. Gen Michael Flynn, said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton should not be too big to jail.
GO An Olympic swimmer with a dad bod is being body shamed.
GO      People are being downright unkind to an Ethiopian swimmer,   him for having what, in one of the more charitable comments, is called a dad bod.
GO Donald Trump’s new tax plan could have a big winner: Donald Trump’s companies.
GO      A   provision in Donald Trump’s tax reform plan has the potential to deliver a large tax cut to companies in the Republican presidential nominee’s vast business empire, experts say.
GO Lawsuit: Trump campaign’s state director in N.C. pointed loaded gun at ‘petrified’ staffer.
GO      A former staffer for Donald Trump’s campaign alleged in a lawsuit this week that a top aide in North Carolina pulled out a gun while the pair traveled together in February and held the loaded firearm to the staffer’s kneecap.
GO Baltimore prosecutor on woman reporting rape: ‘Seems like a conniving little whore’.
GO      After a Baltimore woman reported her rape to police, the prosecutor on the case shared his thoughts with an officer.
GO Head of Islamic State in Afghanistan killed in airstrike, Pentagon says.
GO      The head of the Islamic State’s branch in Afghanistan, a former Pakistani Taliban member named Hafiz Saeed Khan, was killed in a U. S. airstrike last month, the Pentagon announced Friday.
GO Trump allies, WikiLeaks and Russia are pushing a nonsensical conspiracy theory about the DNC hacks.
GO      Trump campaign surrogates are fueling a conspiracy theory that a murdered Democratic National Committee staffer was connected to the hacking of the DNC, a theory being pushed by WikiLeaks and the Russian   press.
GO Milwaukee protests turn violent after officer fatally shoots fleeing man.
GO      Angry demonstrators clashed with police in Milwaukee on Saturday night after a police officer fatally shot a man who had a gun during a foot chase that turned deadly.
GO Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen Kane resigns after criminal conviction.
GO          Kathleen Kane, once a rising star in Pennsylvania politics, said Tuesday that she will resign as the state’s attorney general after she was found guilty of nine criminal charges, including two felony perjury counts.
GO As Biden visits Serbia, hundreds of protesters chant ‘Vote for Trump!’.
GO          Vice President Biden received a cold welcome Tuesday in Belgrade, Serbia, as hundreds of ultranationalists marched through the city chanting ”Vote for Trump!” Biden was in Serbia in a bid to encourage the country’s government to normalize relations with Kosovo, which split away from Serbia in 1999 and claimed independence in 2008.
GO Target to spend $20 million on single-stall bathrooms after backlash to its restroom policy.
GO      Target said Wednesday it is preparing to spend $20 million in the coming months to add   bathrooms along with men’s and women’s restrooms in its stores, a move meant to accommodate shoppers who have expressed concern about the retailers’ policy of allowing customers and employees to use the bathroom that corresponds to the gender they identify with.
GO Justice Department says it will end use of private prisons.
GO      The Justice Department plans to end its use of private prisons after officials concluded the facilities are both less safe and less effective at providing correctional services than those run by the government.
GO There may not be enough blue collar white men in America to elect Trump. Literally..
GO          For some time now, it’s been a running joke among political junkies that there might not be enough blue collar white men in America to elect Donald Trump president.
GO Chicago Police Department recommends firing seven officers for lying about Laquan McDonald shooting.
GO          Chicago police officials have recommended firing seven officers for lying about the shooting death of Laquan McDonald, a black teenager whose 2014 killing helped spark intense protests and a federal investigation of the department.
GO U.S. women’s water polo team beats Italy to defend Olympic gold medal.
GO      The U. S. women’s water polo team has been an unstoppable force in Rio and won its second straight Olympic gold medal on Friday afternoon with a   win over Italy.
GO Navy SEAL who wrote bin Laden raid book must pay government at least $6.8 million.
GO      The Navy SEAL who wrote a   book detailing the secretive raid that killed   leader Osama bin Laden must pay the federal government at least $6.
GO Ryan Lochte goes on the record with NBC’s Matt Lauer, preview set for Saturday.
GO      American swimmer Ryan Lochte is scheduled to appear in an interview with NBC’s Matt Lauer, shortly after apologizing for “not being more careful and candid” about an incident in Rio de Janeiro.
GO Simone Biles selected as Team USA’s Closing Ceremonies flag-bearer.
GO      The world’s greatest female gymnast, Simone Biles, will lead Team USA during the Closing Ceremonies as the   after being chosen by fellow American teammates, the U. S. Olympic Committee announced Saturday morning.
GO All your memes are belong to us.
GO          Memes didn’t begin with the Web, but you’d be forgiven for thinking so.
GO The world is closer than ever to eradicating Guinea worm.
GO       A year ago, when former President Jimmy Carter told the world he had been diagnosed with terminal cancer, he announced a dying wish: He wanted the last Guinea worm to die before he did.
GO Ryan Lochte loses all four commercial sponsors after Rio Olympics incident.
GO          U. S. swimmer Ryan Lochte’s four commercial sponsors dropped the   Olympic medal winner Monday in response to the incident eight days ago in which he falsely claimed he and three teammates had been held up by armed robbers at a Rio de Janeiro gas station.
GO Why Latinos should vote for Trump.
GO          As a proud Latina, the daughter of two Cuban immigrants, who lives in a heavily Latino,   neighborhood, the question I’m asked all the time these days is: Wait, how is it you support Donald Trump?
GO Donald Trump just went Page Six on Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski.
GO          Donald Trump escalated his feud with the hosts of MSNBC’s ”Morning Joe” Monday, repeating a rumor straight off Page Six that Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski are romantically involved.
GO Federal appeals court says no to restoring extra days of early voting in Ohio.
GO      A federal appeals court said Tuesday that eliminating extra days of early voting in Ohio did not infringe on the right of African Americans to vote, overturning a judge’s order that would have restored those days in the swing state.
GO Top Trump aide compares Hillary Clinton’s relationship with the truth to Bill Clinton’s relationship with women.
GO      Donald Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway compared Hillary Clinton’s relationship with the truth to what she called former president Bill Clinton’s ”casual relationships with other women.” “Hillary Clinton is a bore who many voters think is not trustworthy and not honest,” Conway said during an interview with British journalist Matt Frei for a documentary that debuts Tuesday night in the United Kingdom.
GO Are they students? Or are they employees? NLRB rules that graduate students are employees..
GO      The National Labor Relations Board ruled Tuesday that graduate students who work as teaching and research assistants at private universities are school employees, clearing the way for them to join or form unions that administrators must recognize.
GO A black homeowner called 911 to report a carjacking. He wound up getting shot by police..
GO          An Indianapolis homeowner who called police to report an attempted armed robbery at his house was apparently mistaken for the suspect and shot in the stomach by a responding officer, authorities said.
GO Rachel Maddow’s fascinating duel with Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, annotated.
GO    Donald Trump has only been doing Fox News these days,* but on Wednesday night his new campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, gamely ventured into the unfriendly confines of Rachel Maddow’s MSNBC show.
GO Federal judge says UNC can’t enforce North Carolina’s transgender bathroom restrictions.
GO      A federal judge ruled Friday that the University of North Carolina system cannot enforce the part of the state’s   “bathroom bill” that restricts which restrooms transgender people can use, a controversial provision that prompted boycotts, outrage and a Justice Department lawsuit.
GO The Air Force is investigating a sexual-assault report against a retired four-star general.
GO      The Air Force is investigating a   report against a retired   general who was on active duty at the time of the alleged incident, service officials said Friday.
GO Tony Romo has broken bone in his back, could be out 6-10 weeks.
GO      It turns out Cowboys fans were right to feel terrified after Tony Romo injured his back during a preseason game against the Seahawks on Wednesday.
GO Hillary Clinton had the chance to make gay rights history. She refused..
GO    During her first run for president in 2008, Hillary Clinton had an opportunity to become an undisputed leader in the gay rights movement.
GO 2 Dead, 1 Missing in Texas Flood After 18-Inch Rainfall.
GO Two people in Washington County, Texas, are dead after a record setting   rainfall created massive flooding.
GO Roseanne: Hillary and Her ’Nazi’ Advisors Will Be ’Death of Israel’ - Breitbart.
GO Comedian and former presidential candidate Roseanne Barr blasted “Jew hater” Hillary Clinton and her “filthy Nazi” advisors on social media this week, arguing that if Clinton were to win the presidency in November, it would mean the “death of Israel.
GO Radical Islamist TV Channel Funded By UK Treasury Tax Breaks.
GO A radical Islamic television channel run by an   Salfist hate preacher has been partially funded by tax breaks from the UK Treasury.
GO Another Group Therapy Session for Students Following Milo’s University of Michigan Visit - Breitbart.
GO The University of Michigan held a group therapy session for students yesterday to coincide with Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos’ visit to campus.
GO Floridian Man Allegedly Used Dating App to Lure Minors into Prostitution - Breitbart.
GO A Floridian man has been arrested after he allegedly used the dating app Plenty of Fish to lure teenagers to his motel room so he could then sell them for sex.
GO Mark Cuban: Trump’s ’Toxic’ Brand Will Bankrupt Him if He Loses Election - Breitbart.
GO During the Saturday edition of “The O’Reilly Factor,” Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban expounded on his tweet that predicted Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump would be bankrupt within seven years if he loses the election.
GO Iranian Commander: We Can Destroy Israel ‘In Under 8 Minutes’.
GO The Times of Israel reports: A senior Iranian military commander boasted that the Islamic Republic could “raze the Zionist regime in less than eight minutes.
GO Glenn Beck On Trump’s Christian Faith: ’Biggest Crock Of Bullcrap I’ve Ever Heard’ - Breitbart.
GO TV host Glenn Beck attacked Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump Thursday, saying “too many people are looking at Trump and believing that man has ever opened a Bible   …     that’s the biggest crock of bullcrap I’ve ever heard.
GO Trump: ’We Want To Follow the Laws,’ But There Are ’Great People’ In Country Illegally, and There ’Can Be a Softening’ of Law - Breitbart.
GO During an interview aired on Tuesday’s “Hannity” on the Fox News Channel, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump stated that when it comes to deporting people in the country illegally, “We want to follow the laws.
GO ’Free Milo’ Slogans Spotted Outside Orlando Pulse Nightclub - Breitbart.
GO Another chalking calling for the return of Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos to Twitter has been spotted, this time outside the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando where over 50 people were massacred in an Islamist terror attack.
GO Number of Syrian Migrants in Germany Could DOUBLE Due to Family Reunification.
GO The vice president of the Bundestag, Germany’s parliament, fears that the number of Syrian migrants will double due to family reunification laws alone.
GO Ten Things I’d Do As Twitter CEO - Breitbart.
GO Twitter’s continued bungling proves the company doesn’t understand its own platform, its users, or what makes Twitter, on occasion, so great.
GO Trump Supporters on Reddit Are Mailing Salt to the New York Times - Breitbart.
GO Reddit users have begun a campaign titled #SendEmSalt where they send The New York Times offices large bags of salt, ridiculing the publication for their angry (or “salty”) reaction to the election of Donald Trump.
GO Despite Obama Promises, Health Care Costs Have Risen the Most in 32 Years - Breitbart.
GO Despite years of Obama’s promises that America’s health care costs would go down if Obamacare was passed into law, new statistics show that care and insurance premiums have risen more this year than in the last 32 years.
GO Video of Ray McDonald Domestic Violence Incident Released by TMZ - Breitbart.
GO TMZ has released video of the incident which led to charges of domestic violence for former 49er and Chicago Bear Ray McDonald.
GO Watch: Hillary Clinton Lobbies Bernie Sanders for Another Debate Before New Hampshire - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on CNN’s “Situation Room,” Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton lobbied her opponent Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) to debate before the New Hampshire primary.
GO Wikileaks: NYT’s Amy Chozick Privately Praised Hillary Clinton.
GO New York Times reporter Amy Chozick privately praised Hillary Clinton’s campaign trail performance, according to a message from a Clinton staffer in the latest Wikileaks release of John Podesta’s purported emails.
GO Vice President-elect Mike Pence Leading Trump Administration Transition Team - Breitbart.
GO Vice   Mike Pence is heading up   Donald Trump’s transition team, assembling a new administration after Trump’s victory earlier this week.
GO Trolled by Trump: Spokesman Says Hillary Clinton Doesn’t Want to Repeal 2nd Amendment - Breitbart.
GO On May 10, a spokesman for Hillary Clinton tried to reassure voters that there is a limit to what the Democratic frontrunner would do to cripple gun rights, saying, “Of course Hillary Clinton does not want to repeal the Second Amendment.
GO Surprised Woman Goes into Labor on Labor Day - Breitbart.
GO A Burbank woman went into labor on Labor Day, and her husband delivered their baby in the hallway of their home.
GO Chuck Todd on the Clinton Foundation: ‘Shut It Down’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on WGN Radio, while discussing the latest WikiLeaks, which exposed former president Bill Clinton’s aggressive lobbing for large speaking fees from donors to the Clinton Foundation, NBC’s “Meet The Press” host Chuck Todd said the Clinton Foundation needs to be shut down if Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is elected president in November.
GO Spike Lee Turns Empire State Building Orange For Gun Control - Breitbart.
GO Director Spike Lee joined gun control activists Wednesday morning to flip a switch that bathed the Empire State Building in orange light in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day.
GO Report: Facebook Working on Chinese Censorship Tool to Restrict News - Breitbart.
GO Facebook is reportedly working on a censorship tool that will restrict banned news from user’s timelines in preparation to launch officially in China.
GO Hillary Clinton Told FBI That State Dept. Did Not Train Her on Protecting Classified Information - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton told FBI questioners numerous times that she did not receive the various guidance documents and training sessions from State Department officials that employees get to ensure they protect and preserve their official emails and computer documents.
GO Donald Trump Releases Plan to Make Mexico Pay for Border Wall - Breitbart.
GO GOP frontrunner Donald Trump explains how he plans to force Mexico to pay for his proposed border wall in a   memo to The Washington Post.
GO Politico: Ryan Has ’No Concerns’ with Bannon as Trump Chief of Staff - Breitbart.
GO From Politico:[Paul Ryan on Sunday said he has “no concerns” about   Donald Trump hiring one of the speaker’s longtime critics as his chief of staff: Breitbart chief Steve Bannon.
GO Green Party Candidate Jill Stein Postpones Speech After Flying to Wrong Ohio City - Breitbart.
GO Green Party candidate Jill Stein had to delay a speech at Capital University in Colombus, Ohio because she mistakenly flew into Cincinnati, Ohio.
GO Katie Couric: ’Silent Majority’ of Gun Owners Want More Gun Control - Breitbart.
GO During a May 13 appearance on NBC’s Today, Katie Couric previewed her upcoming gun control documentary by claiming a “silent majority” of gun owners want more gun control.
GO Trump: Obama Is Trying to Make Terrorism into Guns - Breitbart.
GO “This is terrorism,” GOP presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump said Friday of Islamic terror attacks in the United States, as he slammed President Barack Obama for “trying to make terrorism into guns.
GO AP’s Pace: Obama’s Legacy Will Be His ’Lack of Scandal,’ ’Beloved’ Family - Breitbart.
GO Monday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Associated Press White House correspondent Julie Pace said President Barack Obama’s legacy will be the “lack of scandal” and his “beloved” family.
GO Ed Butowsky: Obama ’Doing Everything (He) Can to Destroy This Country’.
GO Financial manager Ed Butowsky appeared on Breitbart News Saturday with host Matt Boyle to discuss the latest dismal jobs report and how inadequate job growth is under President Barack Obama and will be under Hillary Clinton if she wins the White House.
GO Missing Fort Hood Soldiers Found – 9 Dead, 3 Rescued.
GO The bodies of the final four Fort Hood soldiers who were missing after their truck overturned in a flooded creek were found on Friday.
GO UN Could Take Over ICANN, and the Internet, Oct. 1 - Breitbart.
GO The United Nations could take over control of the Internet on October 1, when the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) passes from U. S. administration to the control of a multilateral body, most likely the United Nations International Telecommunications Union (ITU).
GO France’s Le Pen To Campaign for Brexit During UK Visit.
GO Marine Le Pen, the leader of France’s National Front is to travel to London to campaign in favour of Britain leaving the European Union (EU).
GO Snapchat IPO Valued at Up to $40 Billion - Breitbart.
GO Bloomberg reported Wednesday that the social media juggernaut Snapchat has filed to go public at the   valuation of up to $40 billion.
GO Islamic State Takes Credit for Brussels.
GO “Islamic State fighters carried out a series of bombings with explosive belts and devices on Tuesday, targeting an airport and a central metro station in the center of the Belgian capital Brussels, a country participating in the international coalition against the Islamic State,” said the   Amaq news agency on Tuesday, as translated by Heavy.
GO Amy Schumer Calls On Women to March in Protest Against Trump.
GO Comedian and outspoken Hilary Clinton supporter Amy Schumer encouraged her 5 million Instagram followers to join her in a march to send a message to   Donald Trump.
GO Stephen Curry Supports Colin Kaepernick - Breitbart.
GO NBA Most Valuable Player Stephen Curry, who passed up the chance to represent the United States at the 2016 Olympics, has come out in support of 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick and his continued refusal to stand for the national anthem.
GO Hurt: Trump ’Being Perceived as a Madman Is Crucial to the Art of Deal’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Outnumbered,” while discussing   Donald Trump’s trade policy and the pick of Peter Navarro, author of “Death by China,” to head Trump’s new White House National Trade Council, Washington Times opinion page editor Charles Hurt said Trump allowing himself to be “perceived as a madman is crucial to the art of the deal.
GO Italy Migrant Crisis: ‘Nigerian Women’ Forced into Prostitution.
GO The flood of African migrants into Italy has brought more harm than meets the eye, including “thousands of Nigerian women” forced into prostitution by   Nigerian mafias, according to a series of recent reports.
GO Canadians Could Face Two Years in Jail For Criticizing Transgender, ’Gender Fluid’ Ideology - Breitbart.
GO Legislation proposed in Canada by Justin Trudeau’s Liberal Party would seek to ban criticism of transgender people or the “gender fluid” ideology, with violators facing up to two years in jail when found guilty.
GO Dickerson on Trump: ’Seems Awfully Hard to See How He Would Get Stopped’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday on “CBS This Morning,” host of the network’s “Face the Nation” John Dickerson said at this point in the Republican presidential primary “it seems awfully hard” to see how   Donald Trump would be stopped form winning the nomination.
GO DiCaprio: Climate Deniers Should Be Banned From Public Office.
GO Climate deniers should not be allowed to hold public office, Leonardo DiCaprio has said in a   attack on Donald Trump, staged in   with the Obama administration.
GO Deepak Chopra: Donald Trump Is ‘Emotionally Retarded, Maybe Mentally Retarded’ - Breitbart.
GO New Age guru and alternative medicine activist Dr. Deepak Chopra attacked Donald Trump Tuesday in an interview on Fox News’ The Alan Colmes Show, during which he called the presumptive GOP presidential nominee both “emotionally” and “mentally retarded.
GO VIDEO: See the Gun Battle That Led to El Chapo’s Capture - Breitbart.
GO Mexican authorities have released a video to the Mexican TV station Televisa that shows the fierce gun battle that eventually led to the capture of Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman Loera.
GO WATCH: Masked Man Films Himself Carrying Islamic State Flag Across German Border.
GO A masked man holding an Islamic State flag has filmed himself walking straight across the German border to highlight the lack of security checks.
GO Survey: 52 Percent of People Say 2016 Election Is Very Stressful - Breitbart.
GO   percent of American adults 18 and older say that the 2016 election is a very or somewhat significant source of stress, according to a survey by the American Psychological Association.
GO Ted Cruz: Victory in Kansas Result of ’Conservatives Coming Together’ - Breitbart.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said that his victory in Kansas is the result of “conservatives coming together.
GO GOP Debate’s Islamic-Advocate Questioner Also Is A Bernie Sanders Supporter - Breitbart.
GO The Islamic advocate and   invited by Google and Fox to question the GOP’s 2016 candidates at the Jan. 28 debate is also a supporter of   2016 candidate, Democrat Sen. Bernie Sanders.
GO TV Reporter Arrested for Defecating on Lawn While Covering Story.
GO Phoenix, Arizona, news reporter Jonathan Lowe was arrested Monday for allegedly defecating on someone’s lawn while covering a news story.
GO Anti-Cop Beyoncé to Campaign for Hillary Clinton in Ohio (Report).
GO Pop superstar Beyoncé will join her husband, rapper Jay Z, in Ohio on Friday to headline a major     concert for Hillary Clinton, according to a report.
GO CNN’s Gupta: Hillary Should See a Doctor Before Flying to California Tomorrow - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN, network chief medical correspondent Sanjay Gupta was asked by host Wolf Blitzer if Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton should seek the counsel of a doctor before she embarks on a trip to California on Monday.
GO Ronald Reagan: Over ’20,000 Gun Control Laws’ Yet Hinckley Had a Gun - Breitbart.
GO When Democrats pushed gun control in the wake of the March 30, 1981 attempt on President Ronald Reagan’s life, Reagan responded by pointing out that the “more than 20, 000 gun controls” then on the books proved powerless to keep John Hinckley Jr. from possessing a gun.
GO Rand Paul: ’Donald Trump Would Be a Better Commander-in-Chief’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on CNN’s “Wolf,” Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is more qualified than Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton be    of the United States.
GO Germany’s Populists Beat Merkel’s Migrant CDU Party: Exit Polls.
GO Exit polls from Germany suggest the Alternative for Germany (AfD) party have beaten Angela Merkel’s CDU in her home state, one year after she opened Germany’s borders to unlimited migration.
GO Quinnipiac Poll Shows Donald Trump, Ted Cruz Tied in Iowa - Breitbart.
GO A newly released Quinnipiac University poll shows Republicans Donald Trump and Ted Cruz effectively tied for first place in the state a month before the Iowa caucus, with Trump at 31 percent and Cruz at 29 percent, within the poll’s margin of error.
GO Home Depot Co-Founder: If You’re Not Behind Trump, You’re Electing Clinton - Breitbart.
GO Earlier this week on Fox Business Network’s “Cavuto: Coast to Coast,” Home Depot   Bernie Marcus said to his fellow Republicans if you’re not behind Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, you’re electing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
GO Poll: Hillary Clinton’s Lead over Donald Trump Drops to 5 Points.
GO A new USA Today poll reveals that Hillary Clinton’s lead over Donald Trump has dropped to 5 points, 45.
GO Moore: Low African-American Voting a ’Huge Fire Siren Going Off in the Clinton Campaign’ - Breitbart.
GO Friday on “Democracy Now,” liberal filmmaker Michael Moore said the low   turnout in early voting for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was “a huge fire siren going off in the Clinton campaign.
GO Washington Post: ‘Republicans Are Already Treating Clinton’s Presidency as Illegitimate’ - Breitbart.
GO Two weeks before the election, Paul Waldman reports in the Washington Post that Republicans in Congress “are already treating Clinton’s presidency as illegitimate.
GO China’s Finance Minister: Donald Trump Is ’An Irrational Type’ - Breitbart.
GO China’s finance minister Lou Jiwei slammed GOP frontrunner Donald Trump for the real estate mogul’s trade policy in an interview published Sunday.
GO Report: Nearly Half of Illegal Border Crossers Go Undetected.
GO A leaked report from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) disclosed that nearly half of the foreign nationals who cross U. S. borders illegally do so undetected.
GO Cellphone Alerts Used in New York to Search for Bombing Suspect - The New York Times.
GO Across New York City, cellphones blared on Monday morning with the dissonant but familiar tone of an emergency alert, typically used for   advisories or abducted children.
GO Donald Trump Used Over $250,000 From Charity for Business Disputes, Report Says - The New York Times.
GO Donald J. Trump, already under scrutiny for how he uses his foundation, directed more than a quarter of a million dollars from the charity to settle legal disputes stemming from his personal businesses, according to a report on Tuesday in The Washington Post.
GO Ed Temple, Track Coach Who Produced Olympians and National Titles, Dies at 89 - The New York Times.
GO Ed Temple, who coached Wilma Rudolph, Wyomia Tyus and 38 other Olympians in his 43 seasons as the most celebrated women’s track and field coach in the United States, died on Thursday.
GO John D. Loudermilk, Who Wrote ‘Tobacco Road’ and ‘Indian Reservation,’ Dies at 82 - The New York Times.
GO John D. Loudermilk, a country singer and prolific songwriter whose dozens of hits in the 1960s and ’70s included “Tobacco Road” by the Nashville Teens, “Then You Can Tell Me Goodbye” by the Casinos and “Indian Reservation” by Paul Revere and the Raiders, died on Wednesday at his home in Christiana, Tenn.
GO Terry Jones of Monty Python Has Dementia, His Family Says - The New York Times.
GO Terry Jones, an original member of Monty Python, has a form of dementia that is affecting his ability to communicate, his family said in a statement.
GO Arnold Palmer, the Magnetic Face of Golf in the ’60s, Dies at 87 - The New York Times.
GO Arnold Palmer, the champion golfer whose   style of play, thrilling tournament victories and magnetic personality inspired an American golf boom, attracted a following known as Arnie’s Army and made him one of the most popular athletes in the world, died on Sunday evening in Pittsburgh.
GO After a Disappointing Debate, Donald Trump Goes on the Attack - The New York Times.
GO Donald J. Trump lashed out on Tuesday in the aftermath of a disappointing first debate with Hillary Clinton, scolding the moderator, criticizing a beauty pageant winner for her physique and raising the prospect of an   attack on Bill Clinton’s marital infidelities in the final stretch of the campaign.
GO Roy Moore, Alabama Chief Justice, Suspended Over Gay Marriage Order - The New York Times.
GO Nine months after instructing Alabama’s probate judges to defy federal court orders on   marriage, Roy S. Moore, the chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, was suspended on Friday for the remainder of his term for violating the state’s canon of judicial ethics.
GO What to Cook This Week - The New York Times.
GO Sam Sifton emails readers of Cooking five days a week to talk about food and suggest recipes.
GO Panti Bliss, Ireland’s Queen of Drag, Expands Her Kingdom - The New York Times.
GO Ireland became the first country in the world to legalize   marriage by popular vote in 2015, thanks in part to the advocacy of a drag queen called Panti Bliss.
GO Billy Bush, Host on ‘Today,’ Is Suspended by NBC - The New York Times.
GO Billy Bush, a host on the “Today” show who has received stinging criticism for his role in a video with Donald J. Trump, has been suspended by NBC.
GO Belgian Neanderthals ’were eating each other 40,000 years ago’.
GO Belgian Neanderthals were eating each other 40, 000 years ago, new research has shown.
GO NBA star Dwyane Wade calls Chicago’s gun laws weak after cousin’s death.
GO Dwyane Wade has lashed out against his hometown of Chicago’s gun laws, calling them weak and saying he has already urged city officials to enact changes to help both citizens and police.
GO Rio 2016: Spain beat Australia 89-88 to earn dramatic basketball bronze.
GO Spain beat Australia   in a thrilling clash to take bronze in the Olympic men’s basketball tournament on Sunday and bring home a medal from a third successive Games.
GO Donald Trump still set on relocating US embassy in Israel, adviser says.
GO A senior adviser to Donald Trump has reiterated that the   is determined to overturn years of government policy and move the US embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem after his inauguration in January.
GO Classmate of 43 missing Mexican students was tortured, report says.
GO A classmate of 43 college students who disappeared in 2014 had been tortured before his body was found the day after the others went missing, Mexico’s National Human Rights Commission said Monday.
GO Mansplaining: how not to talk to female Nasa astronauts.
GO When Nasa astronaut and comparative physiologist Jessica Meir tweeted about entering the “space equivalent zone, where water spontaneously boils” last week, one man, whose Twitter bio said he had once been to space camp, responded as follows: “Wouldn’t say it’s spontaneous.
GO Lifesaving UN aid regularly fails to reach besieged Syrians.
GO UN aid deliveries are consistently failing to reach the vast majority of the 590, 200 Syrians living in besieged areas, and convoys have been stripped of almost 50 tonnes of potentially lifesaving medical equipment in the past eight months.
GO Columbus police fatally shoot 13-year-old boy carrying BB gun.
GO Police in Columbus, Ohio, on Wednesday shot and killed a    boy who was carrying a BB gun, authorities said.
GO Leonardo DiCaprio: climate fight is US history’s ’biggest economic opportunity’.
GO Tackling climate change is the “biggest economic opportunity” in the history of the US no matter who holds political office, the Hollywood star and environmental activist Leonardo DiCaprio said on Friday.
GO British man pleads guilty to plan to shoot Trump at Las Vegas rally.
GO A British man has pleaded guilty to federal charges stemming from an incident in which he grabbed a police officer’s gun with a plan to shoot Donald Trump at a campaign rally in Las Vegas.
GO Pro-gun group sues Katie Couric for defamation in Under the Gun film.
GO   group the Virginia Citizens Defense League is suing former TV news anchor Katie Couric, television network Epix and director Stephanie Soechtig for defamation over their documentary Under the Gun.
GO Soylent: meal-substitute company admits products making people sick.
GO The meal substitute startup Soylent admitted on Friday that another one of its products, Soylent Powder, is causing “a small number” of consumers to fall sick.
GO Son of French Connection drug ring mastermind jailed for trafficking cocaine.
GO The son of one of the men behind the world’s most prolific heroin smuggling ring, dubbed the “French Connection” has been jailed for six years for trafficking cocaine.
GO Turkey officials to demand extradition of Fethullah Gülen from US.
GO Turkey’s foreign and justice ministers are due to travel to the US to demand the extradition of Fethullah Gülen, the   Turkish imam accused by the government of masterminding the abortive coup attempt that led to the deaths of 265 people and the dismissal of tens of thousands of public servants.
GO Nigel Farage expects invitation to Donald Trump inauguration.
GO Nigel Farage is anticipating an invitation to Donald Trump’s inauguration as the 45th president of the United States, sources have indicated, as it was confirmed the interim Ukip leader is poised to launch an eighth bid to become an MP.
GO Jerry Heller, former NWA manager, dies aged 75.
GO Jerry Heller, the music manager who helped introduce NWA to the masses, has died.
GO The third presidential debate – as it happened.
GO The third and final presidential debate of the 2016 election cycle is in the can.
GO Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick wins Club World Cup for Real Madrid after scare.
GO Real Madrid suffered an almighty fright before a Cristiano Ronaldo   hauled them back from   down and gave them a   win over Kashima Antlers in the Club World Cup final in Yokohama on Sunday.
GO Freddie Gray death: Baltimore officer facing most serious charges acquitted.
GO The Baltimore police officer who faced the most serious criminal charges over the death of Freddie Gray in police custody has been acquitted.
GO More than 300 dead as South Sudan capital is rocked by violence.
GO More than 300 people are reported to have been killed, including many civilians and a Chinese peacekeeper, in renewed fighting in South Sudan’s capital Juba, raising fears the country is returning to civil war.
GO Andrew Sachs, Manuel from Fawlty Towers, dies aged 86.
GO Andrew Sachs, the actor best known for playing Manuel the bemused Spanish waiter abused by John Cleese’s bullying hotelier in the BBC comedy series Fawlty Towers, has died aged 86.
GO Trump camp shows signs of fracture over sexual misconduct allegations.
GO Signs of a split in the Trump campaign over allegations of sexual misconduct emerged on Sunday, as key surrogates diverged in their support for the candidate and the way he has responded.
GO Transit of Mercury 2016: today’s celestial event - as it happened.
GO Mercury has now crossed the entire face of the sun and brought to a close the 2016 transit of the smallest planet in the solar system.
GO Caroline Aherne, award winning actor and comedian, dies aged 52.
GO Caroline Aherne, the   actor and comedian, has died at the age of 52 after suffering from cancer, her publicist has said.
GO Michigan’s drug-testing welfare program has yielded zero positive results so far.
GO Not a single welfare recipient or applicant has tested positive for banned drugs in a Michigan pilot program, part of the growing practice of screening beneficiaries of government assistance for drug abuse.
GO Trump and Clinton visit battleground states as election day looms.
GO Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton blitzed five battleground states between them on Friday, with four days remaining until American voters will choose their next president.
GO Russian bid for election observers is a stunt, says US state department.
GO Russia is welcome to send observers to the US presidential election, even if the requests smack of a propaganda stunt, the state department has said.
GO Russian swimmers Vladimir Morozov and Nikita Lobintsev appeal against ban.
GO The Russian swimmers Vladimir Morozov and Nikita Lobintsev have lodged appeals against their bans from the Rio Olympic Games with the court of arbitration for sport.
GO Jon Polito, famous for roles in Coen brothers films, dies age 65.
GO Veteran actor Jon Polito, famous for his roles in several Coen brothers films, has died at the age of 65, it was announced on Friday.
GO Canadian gin company’s campaign accused of cultural appropriation.
GO A Canadian gin company has apologised after its advertising campaigns and branding involving cartoon Inuit characters and young women wearing parka costumes sparked complaints about cultural appropriation, Ungava, founded in Quebec in 2010, makes a gin infused with botanicals harvested from Canada’s north, and was recently sold to a   company for C$12m.
GO Hillary Clinton email investigation: FBI notes reveal laptop and thumb drive missing.
GO A Clinton Foundation laptop and a thumb drive used to archive Hillary Clinton’s emails from her time as secretary of state are missing, according to FBI notes released on Friday.
GO Second case of babies switched at birth angers Canadian indigenous people.
GO For the second time in less than a year, two men from the same remote Canadian community have discovered they were switched at birth, prompting outrage and new questions about substandard healthcare for Canada’s indigenous people.
GO Shooting deaths of sea otters in California prompt investigation.
GO Federal and state officials are investigating the shooting deaths of California sea otters, after the bodies of four male otters were found washed up on beaches near Santa Cruz.
GO Hillary Clinton named presidential nominee as Democrats make history.
GO Democrats officially nominated Hillary Clinton as their   in the presidential contest on Tuesday, sealing her position as the first female nominee of a major party in US history at the Democratic national convention in Philadelphia.
GO Justin Timberlake could face jail time over voting booth selfie.
GO He may have thought he was bringing sexy back to the polling booth, but Justin Timberlake could be looking at a jail sentence after taking a selfie while casting his vote in Memphis, Tennessee.
GO Norwegian editor challenges Zuckerberg to discuss censorship.
GO The Norwegian editor who successfully took on the might of Facebook over its censorship of the famous “napalm girl” photograph has challenged Mark Zuckerberg to publicly face up to his responsibility as one of the world’s most powerful people.
GO Pipeline rupture in Alabama threatens fuel shortages across eastern US.
GO An interstate gasoline pipeline has ruptured in central Alabama, spilling 338, 000 gallons of fuel in an ecologically sensitive area and threatening fuel shortages across the eastern US.
GO Theresa May sidesteps question about £995 leather trousers.
GO Theresa May has been challenged over her decision to wear a £995 pair of leather trousers for a newspaper photoshoot by a reporter on a flight to Bahrain, but sidestepped the question to insist she was working for everyone in Britain.
GO Shooting inside Venezuela’s central bank wounds two, leaves gunman dead.
GO A gunman opened fire inside Venezuela’s central bank on Monday, wounding two guards before he was shot dead by security officers, according to two sources, in the latest violent episode to shake the country.
GO If Donald Trump loses, will the Republican party sink with him?.
GO As the Rolling Stones’ You Can’t Always Get What You Want boomed over loudspeakers after Donald Trump’s rally in Kissimmee, Florida, on Thursday night, an elderly spectator walked by the media enclosure.
GO Bodies of Chapecoense players killed in plane crash returned to Brazil.
GO The bodies of the football team killed when their plane crashed in Colombia earlier this week have been returned to Brazil.
GO Is Hillary Clinton a neocon?.
GO Another week, and another set of Republicans have endorsed Hillary Clinton.
GO Mosul: US airstrike that killed Iraqi family deepens fears for civilians.
GO Eight civilians from one family, three of them children, were killed by a US airstrike on their home a few kilometres outside Mosul, relatives, officials and Kurdish troops fighting in the area say.
GO Mormon choir member quits over Trump inauguration performance.
GO A member of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir says she has resigned from the famed group over its decision to perform at next month’s inauguration of Donald Trump, a performance she said would be an endorsement of “tyranny and fascism”.
GO Megan Rapinoe says she’ll continue anthem protest: ’I cannot stand idly by’.
GO Megan Rapinoe, the US women’s soccer star, has said she will continue to kneel during the national anthem “because I simply cannot stand for the kind of oppression this country is allowing against its own people.
GO Vancouver police confirm use of ’stingray’ surveillance technology.
GO Police in Vancouver have confirmed they made use of “stingray” surveillance technology at least once, in what is believed to be one of the first admissions by a municipal police force in Canada of using the controversial cellphone dragnet equipment.
GO At last, the destruction of heritage has been recognised as a weapon of war.
GO In a world scarred by recurrent violence against people and their heritage, the   prison sentence handed down to Ahmad     who helped to destroy shrines in Timbuktu, marks a new and welcome recognition that deliberate cultural destruction is a war crime.
GO John Isner beats Frances Tiafoe in battle of US tennis’s present and future.
GO In a matchup of American tennis present and future,    John Isner rallied from down two sets to edge    Frances Tiafoe in the first round of the US Open.
GO Prime directive: Amazon boss Jeff Bezos plays alien in Star Trek Beyond.
GO Jeff Bezos, founder of Amazon, has achieved every Trekker’s fantasy, by playing an alien in the new Star Trek film.
GO Mummified knees are Queen Nefertari’s, archaeologists conclude.
GO A pair of mummified knees found in a tomb in Egypt’s Valley of the Queens are most likely those of Queen Nefertari, the royal spouse of Pharaoh Ramses II, say archaeologists.
GO Making a Murderer: Brendan Dassey could be freed as conviction overturned.
GO A judge overturned the murder conviction of Brendan Dassey, the subject of the Netflix documentary series Making a Murderer, on Friday.
GO Adnan Syed, subject of Serial podcast, granted a new trial.
GO Adnan Syed, whose murder case received international attention through the viral podcast Serial, has been granted a new trial, marking a major victory for the Maryland prisoner.
GO Thai king Bhumibol Adulyadej dies after 70-year reign.
GO Thailand’s King Bhumibol Adulyadej has died aged 88, ending seven decades on the throne during which he became a unifying father figure and rare source of stability in a country that has weathered more than a dozen coups since he came to power in 1946 aged just 18.
GO General David Petraeus faints during grilling over US in Afghanistan.
GO America’s top commander, General David Petraeus, fainted during a congressional hearing as he was being grilled by senators sceptical about US strategy in Afghanistan.
GO Ronda Rousey unlikely to fight until next year, UFC president says.
GO Ronda Rousey underwent knee surgery on Wednesday and is unlikely to fight at Madison Square Garden in a historic event in November, according to UFC president Dana White.
GO Sean Penn: voting for Trump is like ’masturbating your way into hell’.
GO Sean Penn likened voting for Republican nominee Donald Trump to “masturbating our way into hell” while stopping by The Late Show with Stephen Colbert on Tuesday night.
GO Chinese people see US as ’top threat’ to their country, poll shows.
GO Chinese people believe the United States is the “top threat” facing their country, a new poll shows, with most suspecting the world’s number one economy of trying to “prevent China from becoming an equal power”.
GO Berlin truck attack: 12 still in hospital as details of victims emerge.
GO Several of the victims of Monday’s truck attack in Berlin have yet to be formally identified, German officials have said, and 12 survivors remain in hospital with “very serious” injuries.
GO Twitter shares dive 14% after potential bidders reportedly lose interest.
GO Shares in Twitter fell more than 14% on Monday following reports that all of its rumoured potential bidders have lost interest in buying the struggling social media company.
GO Baltimore man who called 911 for help dies after being punched by police.
GO A    man died in a hospital near Baltimore on Wednesday, after an altercation with county police officers who repeatedly punched him as they responded to a call for an ambulance.
GO Airstrikes on Yemen funeral kill at least 140 people, UN official says.
GO More than 140 people were killed and more than 525 wounded when airstrikes hit a funeral ceremony in Yemen’s capital, Sana’a, a senior UN official has said, as Houthi rebels blamed the attack on the   coalition.
GO Trinity Gay: fourth person charged over fatal shooting of Tyson Gay’s daughter.
GO Police say a fourth person has been charged in connection with the shooting death of Olympic sprinter Tyson Gay’s    daughter.
GO Hong Kong elections: anti-Beijing activists gain foothold in power.
GO Two years after tens of thousands of young people poured on to the streets of Hong Kong to issue an unprecedented call for political change, a new generation of   activists has gained a foothold in power in the former British colony.
GO Colombia and Farc scramble to rescue peace deal amid worries of return to war.
GO Colombia has begun grappling with the astonishing rejection by voters of a peace deal to end 52 years of war with Farc guerrillas, after a referendum on Sunday which has thrown the country into a state of confusion and uncertainty.
GO Hong Kong refugees helped hide Edward Snowden after NSA leak.
GO Supporters of Edward Snowden are raising funds to try to help refugees who helped hide him when he went on the run in Hong Kong in 2013.
GO Tulsa officer fatally shoots black man who refused to put hands up, police say.
GO A Tulsa police officer shot and killed an African American man who ignored repeated requests to put up his hands before reaching into an SUV that was stalled in the middle of a street, the police department said.
GO A timeline of Donald Trump’s alleged sexual misconduct: who, when and what.
GO   At least 24 women have accused the Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump, of inappropriate sexual behavior in multiple incidents spanning the last 30 years.
GO Draft of John Lennon’s protest letter to Queen Elizabeth found in record sleeve.
GO A letter from John Lennon to Queen Elizabeth II, in which he explains his reasons for returning his member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (MBE) has been discovered after it was found in a flea market haul.
GO Dame Helen Mirren praises Kim Kardashian for redefining beauty.
GO Dame Helen Mirren has praised what she terms “shameless women” who are redefining beauty, citing Pussy Riot and Kim Kardashian as role models who have rejected labels such as slut and embraced bigger body shapes.
GO Ruth Bader Ginsburg: Colin Kaepernick’s protest is ’dumb and disrespectful’.
GO NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick’s national anthem protest is “dumb and disrespectful” the supreme court justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said in an interview released on Monday.
GO Hurricane Matthew weakens from category 5 on path toward Jamaica.
GO One of the most powerful Atlantic hurricanes in recent history weakened slightly on Saturday as it drenched coastal Colombia and roared across the Caribbean on a course that threatened Jamaica, Haiti and Cuba.
GO Britney Spears is not dead – Sony was just hacked (again).
GO Sony Music Entertainment’s Twitter account was hacked on Monday, publishing fake statements that pop music icon Britney Spears had died.
GO Virginia school board takes transgender bathroom case to supreme court.
GO A Virginia school board that has been ordered to let a transgender boy use the boys’ bathroom at his high school asked the US supreme court to block the order, marking the first time justices have been asked to wade into the growing controversy over transgender peoples’ access to public facilities.
GO Is the risk worth the reward for Anderson Silva at UFC 200?.
GO As the UFC’s greatest champion with two decades of mixed martial arts fighting behind him, Anderson Silva should know his body well.
GO Minnesota mall stabbings: suspected attacker killed after eight people injured.
GO Hours after eight people were reported injured in a stabbing attack at a Minnesota mall that ended with the suspected attacker, who reportedly made references to Allah, shot dead by an   police officer, the parking lot at the Crossroads Center was deserted.
GO Draymond Green arrested for slapping MSU football player, police report shows.
GO Golden State Warriors star Draymond Green was arrested on Sunday for allegedly slapping a Michigan State football player in the face, according to the police report.
GO Facebook temporarily blocks Black Lives Matter activist after he posts racist email.
GO Facebook temporarily banned a   Black Lives Matter activist and writer who posted a racist message he received, raising fresh questions about the way the social media site censors journalists.
GO Pope Francis says it is ’not right’ to identify Islam with violence.
GO Pope Francis has said it was wrong to identify Islam with violence and that social injustice and idolatry of money were among the prime causes of terrorism.
GO Fareed Zakaria: The world is ’freaking out’ over the US election.
GO Because the US is the world’s largest economy and trading nation, the US presidential election is a deeply consequential contest for the entire planet.
GO Monty Python stars will ’rally round’ Terry Jones after dementia diagnosis.
GO The Monty Python team will “rally round” Terry Jones following his dementia diagnosis, Michael Palin has said.
GO Colorado poll workers trained to respond to mass shooting.
GO Colorado poll workers are now being trained on how to respond to a mass shooting at the voting booths.
GO Goldman Sachs warns British operations may ’restructure’ after Brexit.
GO Goldman Sachs has become the latest international corporation to warn that it may “restructure” its British operations as a result of the UK’s decision to leave the European Union.
GO US officially accuses Russia of hacking DNC and interfering with election.
GO The US government has formally accused Russia of hacking the Democratic party’s computer networks and said that Moscow was attempting to “interfere” with the US presidential election.
GO New York launches reverse-mortgage probe.
GO The New York State Department of Financial Services has launched a   probe into Reverse Mortgage Solutions and Champion Mortgage’s   operations, following a story by The Post.
GO Texas GOP Consultant Calls for Targeting of Breitbart Advertisers.
GO A Texas Republican consultant who recently accused a black female conservative of using sex to advance her career has called for the hostile targeting of advertisers on conservative outlets like Breitbart News.
GO Dangerous Online ’Harassment’ Bill Being Pushed by Rhode Island Attorney General - Breitbart.
GO Social media posts that embarrass or insult someone would be illegal under bills covering online harassment being pushed by Rhode Island Attorney General Peter F. Kilmartin.
GO French Prime Minister Calls For Headscarf Ban.
GO The French Prime Minister has said the majority of his countrymen consider Islam incompatible with the value of the Republic, before calling for universities to ban Islamic headscarfs.
GO Bucknell Refuses to Back Down over Removal of Breitbart Writer Tom Ciccotta - Breitbart.
GO Despite growing concern from students at Bucknell, members of the college’s Student Government Executive Committee have voted to uphold the suspension of   Breitbart Tech writer Tom Ciccotta as junior class president.
GO Border Patrol Nabs Previously Deported Killer Crossing Border.
GO U. S. Border Patrol agents in southern California arrested a previously convicted and deported killer shortly after he illegal   the country from Mexico.
GO Governor Abbott: Arms Trade Treaty Could Allow UN to Regulate Guns in U.S..
GO Governor Greg Abbott (R) is warning that the recently reintroduced Arms Trade Treaty (ATT) could allow the UN to regulate guns in the United States.
GO Watch: Donald Trump Live in Des Moines, IA - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday at 8 p. m. ET,   Donald Trump will pay a visit to Des Moines, IA ‘s Iowa Events Center as part of his USA Thank You Tour 2016.
GO Rand Paul: ’You Realize’ the Convention Rules ’Haven’t Been Written Yet’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on CNN’s “The Lead,” former presidential candidate Sen. Rand Paul ( ) pointed out that the rules of the Republican convention this July “haven’t been written yet.
GO Raheel Raza: I Need Defense Against Fellow Muslims Trying To Kill Me, We Can’t Be PC - Breitbart.
GO Raheel Raza, the President of the Council of Muslims Facing Tomorrow said that as a   Muslim she needs more defense against people in her own religion who want her dead than she needs celebrities defending her, and “[W]e have a huge problem ahead of us, and if we’re going to be politically correct, and beat around the bush, and deflect from the issue, we won’t be able to address it” on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time.
GO Curt Schilling Announces Plans to Run Against Elizabeth Warren for U.S. Senate - Breitbart.
GO After ESPN fired him as an analyst for a social media post mocking transgenders in ladies rooms, Curt Schilling now says he plans to run for Senate in Massachusetts against liberal U. S. Senator Elizabeth Warren.
GO Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas Left Nice Hours Before Attack - Breitbart.
GO Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas narrowly avoided the terrorist attack that left at least 84 people dead in Nice, France Thursday evening.
GO Green Europe is Killing 40,000 Poor People a Year.
GO Europe’s suicidal green energy policies are killing at least 4o, 000 people a year.
GO Maher: How Are Trump, Rubio, and Cruz, ’The Patriots Who The Military Likes?’ - Breitbart.
GO HBO’s “Real Time” host Bill Maher wondered how Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump, Texas Senator Ted Cruz, and Florida Senator Marco Rubio “are the patriots who the military likes?” on Friday.
GO Disney: ’Strong, Empowered’ Females In Star Wars Is ’Purposeful’ - Breitbart.
GO Disney is touting its inclusion of a   heroine in “The Force Awakens,” according to a spokesperson, as part of an effort to add more female characters to the Star Wars universe.
GO Frank Luntz Is Working for Disgraced Ex-Congressman Aaron Schock - Breitbart.
GO Pollster Frank Luntz, a frequent guest on Fox News, is now working for disgraced former Illinois congressman Aaron Shock.
GO Tom Coburn: Donald Trump Is Wrong - Muslims Don’t Hate Us, Just Our ’Behavior’ - Breitbart.
GO “Maybe Donald Trump will do a great job, but you know, he scares me a little bit when he says all Muslims hate America,” said former Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, during an interview with Breitbart News Daily on Thursday morning.
GO Sidney Blumenthal: ’No Idea’ If I Would Have Told Hillary Private Email Server Was a Bad Idea - Breitbart.
GO Former Clinton Senior Adviser Sidney Blumenthal said that he has “no idea” if he would have told Hillary Clinton not to use a personal server if he knew she had one at the time on Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day.
GO Dem Rep Tim Ryan: Democrats Have an ’Obligation’ to Work With Trump - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Rep. Tim Ryan ( ) said Democrats “have an obligation” to try and work with   Donald Trump and his incoming administration.
GO Juan Williams: Dems Run the Risk of Looking Like ’Hypocrites’ for Not Accepting Election Results - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” when asked about Democrats uproar over then candidate Donald Trump saying during a debate that he would wait and see when asked if would accept the elections results, liberal political analyst Juan Williams said Democrats now pushing for electors to vote against   Donald Trump “run the risk of looking like hypocrites.
GO Former British PM Tony Blair Says Europeans Anxious About The Prospect Of President Donald Trump.
GO Although himself “optimistic” about the outcome and seeing some “entertainment value” in it, former British Prime Minister Tony Blair expressed concern about the United States’ presidential race today, saying European observers are experiencing a “level of anxiety” about the prospect of Donald Trump in the White House.
GO Zika Virus: Airlines, Cruise Lines Offer Refunds.
GO Certain airlines and cruise lines are offering refunds and credits to passengers are concerned about traveling to Zika   countries in Latin America and the Caribbean.
GO Tom Rogan: Trump Isn’t To Blame For Rally Violence, Although Some In Audience ’Want To Have a Fight’ - Breitbart.
GO National Review Columnist, Steamboat Institute Senior Fellow, and Opportunity Lives Senior Contributor Tom Rogan argued that GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump is not to blame for violence at his rallies because “the predominant factor is unfortunately that you do see these people coming in, trying to instigate tension and violence” and that while “there are elements in the Trump audience who want to have a fight” Trump isn’t to blame because he’s just using “campaign banter” on Friday’s “McLaughlin Group.
GO ’Clinton Cash’ Author Peter Schweizer to Mark Cuban: Debate Me or Shut Up - Breitbart.
GO Clinton Cash author and Breitbart News Senior    Peter Schweizer has a message for billionaire provocateur Mark Cuban, who tweeted out a bogus   article against Schweizer’s bestselling book by the   blog Media Matters.
GO Rep. Louie Gohmert Will Vote for Donald Trump.
GO Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert will vote for Donald Trump after strongly supporting Sen. Ted Cruz for President of the United States.
GO Gang Member Among Two Anti-Trump Protesters Charged with Felony.
GO Two   Trump protesters, one of whom is an East Side Bulldog gang member, are facing multiple felony charges for assaulting a police officer and resisting arrest during a May 27 demonstration outside a Trump rally in Fresno.
GO CNN’s John King on Hillary SoS Schedules Not Being Released Until After Election: ’This Is Nuts’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “Inside Politics,” while discussing reports that the State Department will not be release the detailed daily meeting schedules of Hillary Clinton during her tenure as secretary of state, until after the November election, host John King said it was “nuts.
GO Islamophobia Twitter Report Funded By Soros.
GO The   think tank that released a controversial report about Islamophobia on Twitter was directly funded by George Soros’ Open Society Foundation.
GO Armed Citizen Tells Robbers, ’My Gun Is Bigger Than Yours’.
GO An armed citizen cornered armed robbers and told them, “My gun is bigger than yours.
GO Trump: I Won The Primary Without GOP Establishment, I Can Win Presidency Without Them - Breitbart.
GO On Sunday’s broadcast of NBC’s “Meet the Press,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said he can win the presidency with or without the support of the Republican establishment.
GO Protesters Occupy Sen. Chuck Schumer’s Capitol Hill Office to Protest His Ties to Wall Street.
GO About 40 people have occupied Sen. Chuck Schumer’s ( ) Capitol Hill office to protest his ties to Wall Street as he prepares to lead Senate Democrats in the 115th meeting of Congress, the Associated Press reported.
GO Cornel West: ‘Hillary Clinton Is the Milli Vanilli of American Politics’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday on CNN’s “New Day,” professor and activist Cornel West likened Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton to Milli Vanilli, the 1990’s pop duo that was disgraced over   their Grammy   album.
GO VIDEO: Mississippi Teacher Caught Hitting Student, Dragging Her by Her Hair - Breitbart.
GO A Mississippi teacher has been caught on camera hitting a special needs student and dragging her by her hair in a school gym.
GO John Bolton: Hostile Foreign Governments Will Use Obama’s Internet Surrender to Their Advantage - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday’s edition of Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM, former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton criticized Republicans for failing to effectively oppose an Obama policy that has devastating   consequences: the surrender of American control over Internet registration.
GO Police: Woman Hid Heroin in Her Vagina, Then Tried to Eat It During Strip Search - Breitbart.
GO Authorities in Nashville, Tennessee report that a woman arrested on an outstanding warrant had hidden a packet of heroin in her vagina when apprehended and then tried to eat it during a strip search.
GO Father of Benghazi Hero Tyrone Woods: I Endorse Trump.
GO Charles Woods, the father of Tyrone Woods, the former Navy SEAL killed at Benghazi, Libya the morning of Sept. 12, 2012, along with three other Americans, endorsed Donald J. Trump for president.
GO DOJ to Monitor Election Day Polls in 28 States.
GO The U. S. Department of Justice (DOJ) has announced it is deploying more than 500 personnel to monitor Election Day polls in 28 states, including three counties in Texas.
GO Rafael Cruz: ’The Support That We Have Among Evangelicals Is Incredible’ - Breitbart.
GO Rafael Cruz, the father of Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said Thursday on Sirius XM’s Breitbart News Daily that his son’s support among evangelicals is “incredible.
GO Lena Dunham Takes Over Hillary Clinton’s Instagram.
GO “Girls” star and creator Lena Dunham took over Hillary Clinton’s Instagram account on Friday:[.
GO Rep. Luis Gutiérrez Predicts Amnesty Victory at Supreme Court - Breitbart.
GO Rep. Luis Gutiérrez ( ) predicts that the Supreme Court will rule in favor of the Obama administration’s executive amnesty programs.
GO John Sununu on Cruz: ’It Stings Anytime You Fail to Win Any Delegates in a State as Big as New York’ - Breitbart.
GO Former New Hampshire Senator and John Kasich supporter John Sununu spoke to Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon about Ted Cruz’s poor performance in New York last night, saying “I think it stings anytime you fail to win any delegates in a state as big as New York.
GO Watch: Sarah Silverman Appears as Hitler on ’Conan,’ Compares Trump to Nazi Dictator - Breitbart.
GO Comedian Sarah Silverman appeared on Conan as Adolf Hitler following the Republican debate on CNN Thursday night to talk about comparisons between the late Nazi dictator and GOP frontrunner Donald Trump.
GO Daily Beast: Glenn Beck’s Defamation Lawsuit ‘Could Blow Up Ted Cruz’ - Breitbart.
GO Betsy Woodruff writes in the Daily Beast that Glenn Beck who is “one of Ted Cruz’s most high profile surrogates,” could end up becoming “a rolling PR nightmare” for Cruz when Beck “heads to court this summer for allegedly defaming a victim of the Boston Marathon bombing.
GO Gowdy: CIA Didn’t Want Us Talking To Witness Who Said He Had To Work Phone To Get Gaddafi Loyalists To Come Save Them In Benghazi - Breitbart.
GO On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” Benghazi Select Committee Chairman Representative Trey Gowdy ( ) stated that a witness that “the CIA did not want us talking to” told the Benghazi committee that during the attack he “worked the phone trying to find someone to come save them” before finding a group “comprised of former military officials under Gaddafi.
GO One Player Has Already Made It to the Center of ’No Man’s Sky’ Universe Before Game’s Release - Breitbart.
GO After paying $1, 250 for a leaked advance copy of No Man’s Sky, one player has made his journey to the center of Hello Games’ universe within a matter of hours.
GO Peter Schweizer: What’s Missing from the ‘Strange Gaps’ in Hillary’s Email History? - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart Senior    Peter Schweizer, the author of the bestselling book “Clinton Cash” and narrator of the new documentary of the same name, writes in Politico Magazine about the “strange gaps” in Hillary Clinton’s email history and what could be missing.
GO Donald Trump: Hillary Clinton ’Opened the Pandora’s Box of Radical Islam’ - Breitbart.
GO Hillary Clinton’s actions as Secretary of State “opened the Pandora’s box of radical Islam” even while she “refuses to acknowledge the threat posed by Radical Islam,” Donald Trump charged in a broad rebuke of the presumptive Democratic nominee.
GO Michael Eric Dyson to Black Athletes: Use Your Platform to Stand Up for Your People - Breitbart.
GO During ESPN2’s broadcast of “First Take,” author and radio host Michael Eric Dyson asked professional athletes to, like the NBA’s LeBron James and Carmelo Anthony, use their platforms to stand up for fellow   during social issues.
GO Donald Trump: Cruz Staged ’Attack’ In Georgia To Steal Delegates.
GO The Donald Trump campaign is accusing the Ted Cruz campaign of staging a coordinated “attack” in Georgia that led to   delegate candidates being challenged and deposed in every corner of the state, which Trump had won resoundingly in the primary.
GO Ted Cruz: ‘We’re Going To Build A Wall’ - Breitbart.
GO Presidential candidate Ted Cruz laid out a strategy to “build a wall” along the United States border as a paramount portion of his plan to solve illegal immigration.
GO Feds Charge Previously Deported Illegal Alien After Death of Texas Firefighter, Two Children.
GO A previously deported illegal alien is now facing federal charges after he allegedly killed a Texas fire captain and two of his children.
GO Death Cab for Cutie: Our Concerts ’Will Always Be a Safe Place’.
GO Rock band Death Cab for Cutie, who contributed in their own way to an effort to defeat Donald Trump during the presidential campaign, has a reminder for their fans now that the Republican businessman won a decisive victory last week: their concerts will always be “safe places.
GO Hillary Clinton Promise: ’We’re Going to Put a Lot of Coal Miners and Coal Companies Out of Business’ - Breitbart.
GO Appearing at a CNN town hall in Columbus, Ohio, on Sunday, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton promised that in her administration, “We’re going to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business.
GO WATCH: Tropical Storm Hermine Knocks over Delivery Truck - Breitbart.
GO A family returning home from the Outer Banks captured a video of winds from Tropical Storm Hermine knocking over a delivery truck Saturday.
GO Crash Would Be Worse If America Signed Trans-Pacific Partnership - Breitbart.
GO With U. S. stocks tanking by over 500 points at one point on January 20, the only good news is the crash would be worse if America had already signed the   Partnership.
GO WATCH: Clashes Between Britain First and East London Muslims.
GO An elderly Britain First protester was booted to the ground with a   flying kick during a clash with East London Muslims this past weekend.
GO John Bolton: ’I Don’t Want to See Anybody Else Get Nuclear Weapons’ - Even Our Allies - Breitbart.
GO With talk of nuclear proliferation heating up within the Republican presidential primary, Former UN Ambassador and AEI scholar John Bolton made his position very clear to Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon: “In terms of letting other countries get nuclear weapons, I have a very clear view and that is, I don’t want to see anybody else get nuclear weapons, whether they’re friends of ours, or not.
GO Oh Hey, Look.
GO Ivanka bagged a string of Chinese trademarks for her luxury brand the same day she dinned with Chinese President Xi Jinping.
GO CNN: FBI Used Trump Dossier Allegations As Part Of Justification To Monitor Ex-Aide.
GO The FBI used a document containing allegations of ties between President Donald Trump and Russia as part of its justification for obtaining an order in 2016 to monitor the communications of Carter Page, a former adviser to Trump’s campaign, CNN reported on Tuesday.
GO CNN Anchor Presses Leading Georgia House Candidate On When He’ll Propose (VIDEO).
GO All eyes are on the Georgia House special election Tuesday, but CNN’s Alisyn Camerota had some burning questions about the leading candidate’s personal life: namely, when he was going to propose to his longtime girlfriend.
GO De Blasio Releases Tax Returns, Challenges Trump To Do The Same.
GO New York City Mayor Bill De Blasio issued a challenge to President Donald Trump and his “Republican enablers” Tuesday, calling on the President to release his tax returns and releasing his own.
GO Chaffetz On No 2018 Run: ’I Just Turned 50, I’m Sleeping On A Cot In My Office’.
GO Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) on Wednesday said that he won’t seek another term in 2018 because he “hopes to find the right balance” and is sick of sleeping in his office.
GO Meet Karen Handel, The Georgia GOPer Taking On Jon Ossoff In June Runoff.
GO Now that Democrat Jon Ossoff on TuesdayÂ narrowly missed winning an open U. S. House seat in Georgia outright, he will compete against Republican Karen Handel in a special June runoff election.
GO WaPo: Justice Department Considering Whether To Charge WikiLeaks Members.
GO The Justice Department is considering whether to bring criminal charges against members of WikiLeaks and reexamining the organization’s 2010 publication of military documents and diplomatic cables, the Washington Post reported on Thursday.
GO Ivanka Trump Sets Up Fund For Book Earnings To Comply With Ethics Rules.
GO First daughter and trusted adviser to the President, Ivanka Trump announced Thursday that she is publishing a book about women in the workplace and will set up a charitable fund with part of her advance and book earnings.
GO Amid Reports Bill O’Reilly Is Toast At Fox, Lawyer Claims ’Smear Campaign’.
GO Amid reports Tuesday night that executives at Fox are discussing cutting ties with Bill O’Reilly, the Fox News host’s lawyer issued a statement claiming that O’Reilly is the the victim of a “smear campaign” from the “ .
GO Report: Ryan Urges Members To Focus On Spending Bill, Put Health Care On Hold.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) on Saturday urged Republican members of Congress to focus on keeping the government from shutting down, and offered few specifics about a new health care bill, according to a report by the Washington Post.
GO Trump Announces Plans To Hold ’BIG’ Rally On His 100th Day In Office.
GO President Donald Trump announced on Saturday that he will hold a “BIG” rally on April 29 on the 100th day of his presidency, which he will likely reach with no notable pieces of legislation to his name.
GO CNN: Mattis Tells Congress Trump Budget Won’t Cover Cost Of Rebuilding Military.
GO Secretary of Defense James Mattis told Congress that President Donald Trump’s Pentagon budget plan will not be sufficient to fulfill his campaign promise to “rebuild” the U. S. military, CNN reported on Friday.
GO Page: I Never Gave Russian Officials Info ‘Beyond What You Could See On CNN’.
GO Carter Page, a onetime foreign policy adviser to President Donald Trump’s campaign, on Saturday said his discussions with Russian officials only covered “publicly available immaterial information.
GO Trump Hostage Drama Already Ending?.
GO Is the President already   his “border wall or the your annual physical gets it” hostage drama shakedown?
GO CNN Anchor Aliysn Camerota: ‘Yes, Roger Ailes Did Sexually Harass Me’.
GO CNN host and former Fox News reporter Alisyn Camerota on Sunday said that former Fox chairman Roger Ailes sexually harassed her when she worked for the network.
GO GOP Rep. Won’t Say Whether He Wants Trump To Campaign For Him In 2018.
GO Rep. Darrell Issa ( ) on Sunday dodged questions about whether he wants President Donald Trump to campaign for his   in 2018.
GO WH Budget Chief: We’re Just ’Asking For Our Priorities’ In Must-Pass Spending Bill.
GO Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney on Sunday said the White House is just “asking for our priorities” in a spending bill which Congress must pass to prevent a government shutdown on President Donald Trump’s 100th day in office.
GO DHS Chief: Trump ’Will Be Insistent’ On Funding For Border Wall In Spending Bill.
GO Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly on Saturday predicted that President Donald Trump “will be insistent” on including funding for his proposed border wall in a spending bill that Congress must pass to avoid a government shutdown.
GO Trump Jokes He Could ’Easily’ Replace UN Ambassador If Others Don’t Like Her.
GO President Donald Trump on Monday joked that Nikki Haley could “easily be replaced” as U. S. ambassador to the United Nations if members of the organization’s security council don’t like her.
GO Sessions: Democrats Will ’Pass Anything As Long As It Doesn’t Work’.
GO Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Monday brushed off opposition to President Donald Trump’s proposed border wall, saying that Democrats will “pass anything as long as it doesn’t work.
GO Trump: They Were Supposed to Love Me.
GO Over recent months, I’ve several times noted that President Trump thought that once he won the election, everybody would love him.
GO Obama’s WH Spokesman Doesn’t ’Feel A Ton Of Sympathy’ For Sean Spicer.
GO Josh Earnest, formerly White House press secretary in President Barack Obama’s administration, said on Sunday that he does not “feel a ton of sympathy” for Sean Spicer, his counterpart in President Donald Trump’s White House.
GO Yogurt Company Chobani Sues Alex Jones For Defamation.
GO Chobani, of Greek yogurt fame, is suing conspiracy theorist and InfoWars founder Alex Jones for linking the company’s founder, Hamdi Ulukaya, to an assault that happened at an apartment complex in Idaho, the Idaho Statesman reported Monday.
GO Spicer: All 100 Senators To Be Briefed On North Korea At White House.
GO All 100 members of the U. S. Senate are scheduled to attend a briefing on the situation in North Korea this week, White House press secretary Sean Spicer confirmed Monday.
GO Spicer: ’I Can’t Guarantee’ Gov’t Won’t Shut Down But We’re ’Very Confident’.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday said he “can’t guarantee” the government won’t shut down on Friday when it’s set to run out of money.
GO Even Rush Limbaugh Thinks Trump Is ’Caving’ On Funding For His Border Wall.
GO Talk radio host and conservative tastemaker Rush Limbaugh on Tuesday lamented what he described as President Donald Trump “caving” on his demands for funding for a border wall.
GO Elizabeth Warren Says She’s ’Troubled’ By Reports Of Obama’s $400K Speaking Fee.
GO Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) said Thursday that she is “troubled” by reports that former President Barack Obama agreed to speak for $400, 000 at a conference run by an investment bank.
GO Fox Host Jesse Watters Goes On Sudden Vacation After Ivanka Trump Comment.
GO Following criticism for a comment he made about Ivanka Trump on Tuesday night, Fox Host Jesse Watters announced Wednesday night that he will be on vacation for the rest of the week and the weekend.
GO Politico: Lewandowski’s Consulting Firm Offers Face Time With Trump.
GO Donald Trump’s former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski has launched a consulting firm offering international clients access to the President, Vice President, and other key members of the administration, Politico reported Friday.
GO Priebus: White House Has ‘Looked At’ Changing Law To Let Trump Sue Press.
GO White House chief of staff Reince Priebus on Sunday said that President Donald Trump’s administration has “looked at” changing the law so that Trump can sue the press, though Priebus offered few details.
GO Ross: Trump’s Missile Strike In Syria Was ‘In Lieu Of After-Dinner Entertainment’.
GO Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross on Monday said that President Donald Trump’s order to launch a missile strike on a Syrian air base in April “was in lieu of   entertainment.
GO White House Thinks It Has The Votes For House O’Care Repeal Vote This Week.
GO President Trump’s   mark may have come and gone, but the White House is still engaged in a public,   press to get a vote on the Republican Obamacare repeal bill before Congress goes on another recess this week.
GO White House: Trump Had ‘Very Good’ Call With Putin.
GO The White House said Tuesday that President Donald Trump had a “very good” phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
GO Which of Them Will Drop The Knife?.
GO The fun thing for Republicans about this morning’s push to pass Trumpcare 3.
GO Trump On Planned Parenthood: ‘At The Appropriate Time Things Will Happen’.
GO President Donald Trump gave few details about how he plans to defund Planned Parenthood in an interview aired Tuesday, saying only that “at the appropriate time, things will happen” to fulfill his campaign pledge.
GO Federal Judge Orders Georgia To Reopen Voter Registration For Runoff Election.
GO Civil rights groups scored a victory Thursday when a federal judge in Georgia ruled that the state had to reopen voter registration for next month’s   congressional runoff election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel.
GO GOP Rep. Says ‘Nobody Dies’ From Losing ‘Access To Health Care’ (VIDEO).
GO Rep. Raul Labrador ( ) said during a Friday town hall in Idaho that “nobody dies” from losing their health insurance while defending the House Republican bill to repeal and replace Obamacare, the Idaho Statesman reported.
GO Pruitt To Recuse Himself From Lawsuits He Filed Against EPA As Oklahoma AG.
GO Scott Pruitt, the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, will recuse himself for one year from lawsuits against the agency that he was involved in as the Oklahoma state attorney general or as part of the conservative Rule of Law Defense Fund.
GO WaPo: Trump Transition Team Warned Flynn About Contacts With Russia.
GO Senior officials on President Donald Trump’s transition team warned former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn about contacting the Russian ambassador to the U. S. ahead of Flynn’s December call with Sergey Kislyak, the Washington Post reported Friday evening, citing unnamed current and former U. S. officials.
GO Trump & Putin. Yes, It’s Really a Thing.
GO Over the last year there has been a recurrent refrain about the seeming bromance between Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
GO GOP Sen.: ‘Unlikely’ Preexisting Condition Coverage Would Be Same Under GOP Bill.
GO Sen. Susan Collins ( ) on Sunday said it is “unlikely” that people with preexisting conditions would receive the same or better coverage under the current Republican bill to repeal and replace Obamacare.
GO White House Blames Obama For Trump Hiring Flynn.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday said it should not come as a surprise that President Barack Obama “wasn’t exactly a fan” of President Donald Trump’s former national security adviser Mike Flynn.
GO GOP Sen Chides Yates On Travel Ban: ‘Who Appointed You To The Supreme Court?’.
GO Sen. John Kennedy ( ) on Monday took a swipe at former acting Attorney General Sally Yates over her refusal to enforce the Trump administration’s first travel ban, asking her, “Who appointed you to the Supreme Court?”   …     watch: sally yates responds to @senjohnkennedy asking, ”who appointed you to the united states supreme court?” pic.
GO Clapper: Trump Saying We Don’t Know Who Messed With Election Helps Russia.
GO Casting doubt on the U. S. intelligence community’s assessment that Russia interfered in the presidential election, as President Donald Trump frequently does, “helps the Russians,” former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper testified Monday.
GO Reports: Comey Found Out He Was Fired From TV Coverage.
GO Former FBI Director James Comey found out on Tuesday that President Donald Trump fired him when Comey saw the news on TV, according to several reports.
GO Top Senate Judiciary Dem: Trump Told Me He Was Firing Comey At 5:30.
GO Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee issued a brief response to the announcement that President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey Tuesday.
GO Manchin: Comey Firing ‘Not Going To Impede’ Senate Intel Investigation.
GO Sen. Joe Manchin ( ) a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said Tuesday that President Donald Trump s abrupt firing of FBI Director James Comey would not impede that committee s investigation into potential collusion between Trump associates and Russia.
GO Conway: Those Who Currently Have Insurance Won’t Lose It In ACA Repeal.
GO Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway says that the Trump administration doesn’t want anyone who currently has health insurance to lose it due to Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
GO Hiring: DC Reporter.
GO TPM is hiring a DC based reporter to aggressively pursue iterative, investigative journalism in the TPM tradition.
GO GOP Rep.: My Party Can’t Repeal ACA Until Replacement Plan Is Ready (VIDEO).
GO Rep. Walter Jones ( ) on Wednesday joined a growing, if not extremely vocal, chorus of Republicans warning that the GOP should not move forward with its longtime goal of repealing the Affordable Care Act until it has a replacement plan ready to go.
GO Report: Health Care Providers Could Lose $1.7 Trillion In Revenue With ACA Repeal.
GO Health care providers face a staggering loss of revenue if Republicans repeal Obamacare as promised, according to an Urban Institute report released Thursday.
GO Sen. Cotton: GOP Can’t Kick The Can By Repealing O’Care Without Replacement.
GO Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) said Thursday that it would be a mistake for congressional Republicans to repeal Obamacare without a replacement plan in place.
GO Dems Vow To Fight Planned Parenthood Defund In Bill They Can’t Stop.
GO Democrats cannot technically stop Republicans from defunding Planned Parenthood in an upcoming reconciliation bill, but they are going to do everything they can to make it very uncomfortable for Republicans to go through with it.
GO Senate GOP Deficit Hawks Are Wary Of Obamacare Repeal Busting The Budget.
GO Additional reporting by Tierney Sneed, A handful of GOP Senate deficit hawks are warning that a budget resolution intended to speed the repeal of Obamacare could lead to a huge increase in the deficit.
GO Sheriff: Five People Dead After Shooting At Fort Lauderdale Airport.
GO A shooting incident left five people dead and eight people injured Friday afternoon at Fort   International Airport in Florida, according to the Broward County Sheriff’s Office.
GO Sen. Sherrod Brown Says He Will Not Vote For Jeff Sessions To Lead DOJ.
GO Sen. Sherrod Brown ( ) announced Friday that he will not support Jeff Sessions to lead the Department of Justice, becoming the first Democrat to explicitly say so.
GO Govt Ethics Office Accuses GOP Senate Of Rushing Trump Cabinet Hearings.
GO The federal Office of Government Ethics has accused Senate Republicans of speeding confirmation hearings for Donald Trump s cabinet nominees.
GO Changing His Tune? Trump Praised ’Excellent’ Meryl Streep In 2015.
GO While Donald Trump may not have had kind words for   Oscar winner Meryl Streep after her speech railing against him at the Golden Globes Sunday night, he was singing a different tune as recently as 2015.
GO NAACP Legal Defense Fund Takes Aim At Sessions In New Report On His Record.
GO The NAACP Legal Defense and Education Fund published a harsh rebuke of   Donald Trump’s nominee for attorney general Monday, writing in a lengthy and detailed record of his career that “unrelenting hostility toward civil rights and racial justice has been the defining feature of Jeff Sessions’ professional life.” The report examines Sessions’ stances on legal matters pertaining to racial justice and civil rights, including voting rights, sentencing reform, education funding, prison labor and consumer protections.
GO Trump: If Putin Likes Me, That’s An Asset.
GO In response to questions about whether Putin tried to help Trump win the election, Trump said that if Putin likes him, that’s an asset for America.
GO Did The Trump-Russia Dossier Grow Out Of Jeb Bush’s Super PAC?.
GO Following the publication of a dossier containing explosive and unverified info on Donald Trump and Russia, BBC News reported Wednesday that it originated in opposition research done by a former British intelligence officer working for a Super PAC supporting none other than Jeb Bush.
GO Ivanka Trump Formally Announces ‘Leave Of Absence’ From Trump Org, Her Brand.
GO Ivanka Trump on Wednesday formally announced that she would take a “leave of absence” from the Trump Organization as well as her apparel and accessory brand during her father’s presidency.
GO Lindsey Graham: I Wish Trump Would Work With Congress On Russia.
GO Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) wants Donald Trump to work with Congress on a sanctions package against Russia rather than continuing to deflect questions about Russia’s interference in the U. S. election.
GO Trump Refuses To Let CNN Reporter Ask Him A Question At Press Conference (VIDEO).
GO   Donald Trump on Wednesday would not let a reporter from CNN ask him a question during a press conference, saying that he worked for a “fake news” company.
GO Paul Ryan: Trump Will ’Learn To Appreciate’ The Intelligence Community.
GO After   Donald Trump equated alleged leaks from the intelligence community with Nazi Germany, House Speaker Paul Ryan said that Trump will ”learn to appreciate” the work the intelligence community does, but defended Trump for being ”frustrated.” ”Obviously those are not words I would use.
GO Missouri Lawmaker Would Love To Lend You His Gun When You Visit The Capitol.
GO A GOP state representative in Missouri is offering to lend out guns to visitors to the state Capitol who are barred from bringing in their own firearms.
GO Ben Carson Cannot Promise That Trump Family Won’t Profit From HUD.
GO Ben Carson, Trump’s pick for HUD Secretary, refused to say that Trump and his family wouldn’t profit from HUD.
GO Rep. John Lewis Says Trump Is Not ‘A Legitimate President’.
GO Rep. John Lewis ( ) said that he does not view Donald Trump as a “legitimate president” who won the election on his own terms.
GO Earnest: ’Outrageous’ For Chaffetz To Threaten To Subpoena Ethics Chief.
GO White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Friday that it was ”outrageous” for Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) to demand an interview with the director of the Office of Governmental Ethics, which some perceived as an intimidation tactic after the agency chief criticized Donald Trump.
GO CIA Director: Trump Should Be ’Very Very Careful’ About Lifting Russia Sanctions.
GO Outgoing CIA Director John Brennan said on Sunday that   Donald Trump lacks ”a full appreciation” of the implications of lifting sanctions on Russia and should be ”very very careful” when it comes to policy on the matter.
GO Pence: Trump ’Has The Right To Defend Himself’ Against Rep. John Lewis.
GO Vice   Mike Pence said in a Sunday interview that he was ”deeply disappointed” in Georgia congressman and civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis (D) for saying that   Donald Trump is not ”a legitimate president.” Pence said in an interview on ”Fox News Sunday” that he has ”great respect” for Lewis but was ”deeply disappointed” in his comments.
GO Priebus Warns Ethics Chief to "Be Careful" About Criticizing Trump.
GO In an appearance on the ABC News Sunday morning show This Week, incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus warned the Director of the Office of Government Ethics to ”be careful” about criticizing   Trump’s conflicts of interest.
GO The Case for Not Being Crybabies.
GO Last week I watched a conversation on MSNBC in which the anchor asked a guest whether it wasn’t a problem that Buzzfeed had published the Trump ’dossier’ because this would now give Trump some credibility in dismissing any reporting he didn’t like as ”fake news”.
GO Obama should not have had to commute Chelsea Manning’s sentence.
GO As Allegra Kirkland details on our page, President Barack Obama has commuted the prison sentence of Chelsea (nee Bradley) Manning, who will now get out of Leavenworth in May of this year rather than in 2045.
GO Bill O’Reilly To Interview Trump On Super Bowl Sunday.
GO Bill O’Reilly announced Tuesday that he would sit down for an interview with   Donald Trump set to air on Super Bowl Sunday.
GO GOP Rep.: John Lewis Hasn’t Contributed Anything Since Civil Rights Era.
GO Rep. Steve King ( ) on Tuesday weighed in on the battle between Donald Trump and Rep. John Lewis ( ) saying that the civil rights icon has not contributed anything since the civil rights era.
GO Obama To America: ’We’re Going To Be Okay’.
GO President Barack Obama ended his final press conference from the White House on Wednesday with a message of resilience and hope: ”We’re going to be okay.” Responding to a question about how he and First Lady Michelle Obama discussed the 2016 election’s outcome with their daughters, the President said they represent a generation that makes him ”really optimistic.” ”What we’ve also tried to teach them is resilience and we’ve tried to teach them hope and that the only thing that is the end of the world is the end of the world,” he said.
GO Jewish Community Centers In 17 States Evacuated Amid Wave Of Bomb Threats.
GO Jewish community centers in 17 states were evacuated Wednesday following a wave of bomb threats, which echoed a similar grouping of threats on Jan. 9.
GO Pruitt Won’t Commit To Recusal From Lawsuits He Brought Against EPA.
GO Donald Trump’s nominee to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, Scott Pruitt, on Wednesday would not commit to recusing himself from issues related to the lawsuits he brought against the EPA as attorney general of Oklahoma.
GO Dem Sen. Joe Manchin To Introduce Rick Perry At Confirmation Hearing.
GO Sen. Joe Manchin ( ) is doing everything he can not to be labeled as a liberal in his upcoming   in 2018 and so Thursday he will introduce Trump’s Energy Secretary nominee Rick Perry at his confirmation hearing.
GO If You Want To Keep Your Plan ....
GO If you’re comfortably ensconced in a health insurance plan through your job and don’t think the Obamacare repeal and replace debate will directly affect you, give a close look at the plan that HHS nominee Tom Price has been pushing for years to dismantle the   health insurance system.
GO Trump: ’I Think In My Mind I Know Who’ My SCOTUS Pick Is.
GO   Donald Trump told the audience at a luncheon Thursday that ”I think in my mind I know who” my Supreme Court nominee is.
GO WATCH LIVE: Donald Trump Sworn In As 45th President Of The United States.
GO   Donald Trump has a day of pomp and circumstance planned Friday as he is set to be sworn in as the 45th President of The United States.
GO Trump And Family Walk Along Parade Route Near Trump Hotel (VIDEO).
GO Donald Trump, Melania Trump, Barron Trump and other members of the Trump family got out of the motorcade to walk along the parade route as it moved toward the White House.
GO What It’s Like On The Ground In DC.
GO Some of the reports from our Caitlin MacNeal and Allegra Kirkland at the march in DC here, here, here, here, and here.
GO At First Trump White House Press Briefing, No One Gets A Question.
GO It was the first official White House press briefing of the Trump era, and after tearing into the media about their coverage of the inauguration, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer did not take a single question from reporters.
GO DC Metro Reports Second-Highest Ridership Ever On Women’s March Day.
GO An official estimate from D. C. Metro authority shows that the transit system had its   day ever on Saturday as crowds from the Women’s March streamed into Washington, surpassed only by ridership on the day of President Barack Obama’s 2009 inauguration.
GO Dippin’ Dots Invites Sean Spicer To End Apparent 5-Year Feud Over Ice Cream.
GO While Sean Spicer was busy trying to   his feud with the White House press corps on Monday, the Dippin’ Dots ice cream company made a move to smooth over its own   tiff with Donald Trump’s press secretary.
GO Reports: Centers For Disease Control Climate Summit Canceled After Election.
GO The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention canceled a climate change and health summit months in the making without offering an official explanation, multiple news outlets reported Monday.
GO ABC Reporter Confronts Spicer: Will You Always Tell Us The Truth?.
GO After a bizarre press briefing on Saturday in which White House press secretary Sean Spicer made false claims about the crowd size at Donald Trump’s inauguration, an ABC reporter asked Spicer at the Monday daily briefing whether Spicer intends to always tell the truth in his role as Trump spokesman.
GO WH Spokesman: Flynn Had 2 Calls With Russian Ambassador.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer addressed questions on Monday about calls between Trump’s national security advisor, retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, and a Russian ambassador.
GO White House: Trump Resigned From His Businesses, But The Proof’s Not Public.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters on Monday that President Donald Trump has resigned from his businesses, but seemed unaware that there was no public proof of that.
GO Report: Breitbart National Security Editor To Join Trump Administration.
GO Breitbart News national security editor and Fox contributor Sebastian Gorka will join President Donald Trump’s administration, according to a report published Tuesday by Business Insider.
GO Ryan: ’Different Ways Of Defining’ Just How Mexico Will Pay For Trump’s Wall.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) avoided saying Wednesday evening exactly how Mexico will pay for President Donald Trump’s proposed wall on the United States’ southern border, or how the President plans to get Mexico’s cooperation.
GO Spicer Quickly Backpedals On Paying For Wall With Tax On Mexican Imports.
GO White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Thursday that Donald Trump planned to pay for a border wall with Mexico by convincing Congress to impose a 20 percent border tax on imports from Mexico.
GO Mexican President Pulls Out Of Planned Meeting With Trump.
GO Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto announced on Thursday that he will not attend a meeting with President Donald Trump originally planned for Jan. 31.
GO Local Fox Anchor Suspended After Saying Kellyanne Conway Is ’Good At Bulls***’.
GO A host on Fox 29 was suspended Wednesday after saying that top White House advisor Kellyanne Conway is ”good at bullshit.” ”Good Day Philadelphia”   Mike Jerrick confirmed his suspension according to a report published Wednesday by Philadelphia magazine.
GO Report: Entire State Department Management Team Fired By Trump Admin.
GO The entire senior level management team at the State Department was fired by President Donald Trump s administration this week, CNN reported Thursday.
GO Trump: Researcher Who Found No Widespread Voter Fraud Is ’Groveling’.
GO In an interview with ABC News’ David Muir that aired on Wednesday night, President Donald Trump defended his debunked claims that millions of people voted illegally in the 2016 election and attacked the author of a study who found that there is not widespread voter fraud in the United States.
GO Trump Staffer Who Shared Racist Social Media Posts To Join Dept Of Education.
GO A South Carolina staffer for Donald Trump s campaign whose racist social media posts drew attention during the election will join the Department of Education, the Huffington Post reported Thursday.
GO Gallup: Trump Net Approval Rating Drops 8 Points In First Week In Office.
GO President Donald Trump s net approval rating dropped by eight points in his first week in the Oval Office, according to daily polls tracked by Gallup.
GO Giuliani: Trump Asked Me How To Enact A Muslim Ban ’Legally’.
GO Former New York Mayor and Trump ally Rudy Giuliani said in an interview Saturday that President Donald Trump asked him to find a way to ”legally” enact the ban on Muslim immigration he repeatedly touted on the campaign trail.
GO Conway Claims Judge’s Ruling ’Really Doesn’t Affect’ Trump’s Executive Order.
GO Senior Trump advisor Kellyanne Conway said in an interview Sunday morning that a federal judge’s ruling ”really doesn’t affect” the President’s executive order banning refugees and immigrants from certain countries from entering the United States.
GO MILO to UC Berkeley: ’I’ll Be back’ - Breitbart.
GO Despite the cancellation of his talk on Wednesday as a result of “ ” rioters, Breitbart’s MILO has promised he will return to deliver his talk at UC Berkeley at some point in the coming months.
GO Trump: Elizabeth Warren Running for President in 2020 ’a Dream Come True’ - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump said in an interview Saturday night that he would happily challenge Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) in 2020, calling that scenario “a dream come true.
GO NRA to Campaign Against Red State Democrats who Oppose Gorsuch - Breitbart.
GO With a vote on the confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch fast approaching, the NRA is making clear they will campaign against Red State Democrats who vote against the nominee.
GO Neil Gorsuch on Abortion: Roe v. Wade Is a Precedent of the U.S. Supreme Court - Breitbart.
GO During his Supreme Court confirmation hearing on Tuesday, federal judge Neil Gorsuch was repeatedly asked about his stand on abortion and whether he would overturn the 1973 Roe v. Wade High Court ruling that found women had the right to privacy in medical and reproductive matters, which in practice made abortion on demand legal in the United States.
GO Tom Ford on Moving Back to US: Trump Made Me ’Feel More Nationalistic’ - Breitbart.
GO Iconic fashion designer Tom Ford is opening up about how Donald Trump’s election made him want to move back to America, and the “tremendous number of people” who “feel disenfranchised.
GO Election Eve Poll in Georgia’s Sixth Congressional District: Republican Handel Leads by 2 - Breitbart.
GO Republican Karen Handel leads Democrat Jon Ossoff by two points in the final poll of Georgia’s Sixth Congressional District special election released by the Trafalgar Group late Monday afternoon.
GO California College Professor Who Called Trump’s Win an ’Act of Terrorism’ Nominated for Campus Award - Breitbart.
GO A California college professor who called President Trump’s election win an “act of terrorism” during class was nominated to become “faculty member of the year,” Campus Reform reported.
GO Lawyer ’Robin Hood of Refugees’ Sentenced to 15 Months in Prison for Asylum Scam - Breitbart.
GO A federal judge sentenced an Illinois immigration lawyer who cheated the immigration system to make sure his clients were granted asylum in the U. S. to 15 months in prison Wednesday.
GO Toby Keith: I Won’t ’Apologize’ for Playing Trump Inauguration.
GO Country artist Toby Keith will not back out of performing at   Donald Trump’s inauguration this month, saying in a statement that he will not “apologize” for performing for the country and its military.
GO University of Georgia Socialist Group Under Police Investigation After Calling for Beheading Republicans - Breitbart.
GO A student group at the University of Georgia is facing a police investigation after saying on Twitter that Republicans should be “guillotined.
GO MSNBC’s Hunt to Sen Warren: Is McConnell ’Sexist’? - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on MSNBC, Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) discussed being reprimanded on the Senate floor Tuesday for her comments against President Donald Trump’s Attorney General nominee Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ).
GO Ryan: Assange Is ’A Sycophant for Russia’ - Breitbart.
GO On Wednesday’s “Hugh Hewitt Show,” House Speaker Representative Paul Ryan ( ) said Wikileaks Founder and    Julian Assange is “a sycophant for Russia.
GO Trump: Intelligence Briefing Shows ‘Absolutely No Effect’ of Cyber Attacks on Election Results - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump asserted that cyber attacks had “absolutely no effect” on the results of the election, after he received an intelligence briefing at Trump Tower on Friday.
GO Report: 90,000 Christians Killed for Their Faith in 2016.
GO During the year 2016, some 90, 000 Christians were killed for their faith around the world, according to a new study from the   Center for Studies on New Religions (CESNUR).
GO Report: Barron Trump ’Panicked’ after Seeing Kathy Griffin ’Beheading’ Photo.
GO Barron Trump, President Donald Trump’s    son, reportedly “panicked” and became distressed after seeing Kathy Griffin’s   “beheading” photograph because he didn’t know who Griffin was or understand the context of the photo.
GO Brooks: Trump ’Siding With a Foreign Leader Against the US President’ on Israel and Russia - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of “PBS NewsHour,” New York Times columnist David Brooks argued that especially with Israel and Russia   Donald Trump is “siding with a foreign leader against the US president.
GO L.A. Gay Pride Parade to Be Replaced by Anti-Trump March - Breitbart.
GO The organizers of the annual Los Angeles gay pride have announced that this year’s march will be replaced by a protest against President Donald Trump.
GO Minnesota Cop Found Not Guilty in Philando Castile Shooting Trial.
GO The Minnesota officer who has been on trial for the murder in the shooting death of a black motorist has been found not guilty.
GO Maher: Trump Violates ’Pay Your Taxes’ Rule, I Worry ’We Do Need the UN to Step In’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated that President Trump violates the “Pay your taxes” rule and “I worry that if half the country wants this guy to be president, we do need the UN to step in, or the United Federation of Planets, or something.
GO Elizabeth Warren to President Trump: ’Donald, You Ain’t Seen Nasty Yet’ - Breitbart.
GO On Friday, Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) stood on an empty New York stage, reading excerpts from her latest book, This Fight is Our Fight: The Battle to Save America’s Middle Class, and could hardly restrain her excitement while reading what sounded like a warning for President Donald Trump: “Donald, you ain’t seen nasty yet.
GO Robert Redford for WaPo: ’45 Years After Watergate, The Truth is Again in Danger’ - Breitbart.
GO In a guest column for the Washington Post, actor Robert Redford describes the difficulty he had in getting Hollywood producers interested in his 1976 film All the President’s Men, which revolves around the investigation into former President Richard Nixon’s Watergate scandal, and warns that 45 years after that politically momentous event, “the truth is again in danger.
GO Simon and Schuster Children’s Authors Publish Letter Protesting MILO - Breitbart.
GO More than 160 Simon and Schuster children’s book authors have signed a   letter to the CEO of the company protesting the publishing of Breitbart Senior editor MILO’s upcoming book, “DANGEROUS.
GO Ted Cruz: If Premiums Keep Rising After Obamacare Repeal, People Will ’Tar and Feather Us in the Streets’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said if the Republicans and President Donald Trump repeal and replace Obamacare and premiums continue to rise “people will be ready to tar and feather us in the streets.
GO CNN’s Jim Acosta Accused of Spreading Fake News About Trump’s Hospital Visit With Congressman Scalise.
GO CNN senior White House correspondent Jim Acosta tweeted a false report that said President Donald Trump did not visit with House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) in the hospital after Wednesday’s shooting, fueling fake news allegations.
GO Broken Democratic Party’s New Message: Donald Trump is the ‘Establishment,’ Not Really ‘Populist’.
GO Leaders of the broken Democratic Party have a new message to try to stop Republican President Donald J. Trump: He’s a part of the political “establishment” and is not really a “populist” president.
GO NYT: Dissecting Bannon’s Worldview from ‘The Fourth Turning’.
GO Jeremy Peters of the New York Times analyzes a generational theory book titled The Fourth Turning, which has played a significant role in shaping the worldview of White House strategist Steve Bannon.
GO George Soros-Tied Activists Behind Campaign to Impeach Trump.
GO One need not look too deeply to discover the two groups behind the movement to impeach Donald Trump are tied to billionaire George Soros, while the organization that just filed a lawsuit challenging the Constitutionality of Trump’s presidency is financed by Soros’s Open Society Foundations.
GO Donald Trump on Terror: ‘This Bloodshed Must End’.
GO President Donald Trump again signaled his support for the United Kingdom after the terrorist attack on London Bridge that killed seven and wounded nearly 50, vowing to fight terrorism in his administration.
GO CNN’s Don Lemon on Chicago Torture Video: ’I Don’t Think It Was Evil’ - Breitbart.
GO CNN host Don Lemon said Wednesday evening the broadcasted torture of a bound and gagged victim in Chicago was not “evil,” adding that the suspects had “bad home training.
GO Stephen Miller: Trump Has ’Better Sense of the Pulse of the People’ Than Any President Since Andrew Jackson.
GO In an interview with ABC News, White House Senior Adviser Stephen Miller pushed back against the media’s false narratives about President Donald Trump and said Trump “is the best public orator since William Jennings Bryan” and “has a better sense of the pulse of the people” than any president since populist hero Andrew Jackson.
GO Trump’s Budget to Increase Spending for School Choice by $1.4 Billion.
GO President Donald Trump’s newly released 2018 budget calls for an increase in federal spending on school choice programs by $1.
GO Big Pharma’s Martin Shkreli Suspended From Twitter - Breitbart.
GO The man behind last year’s Daraprim controversy and numerous others, Martin Shkreli, has been suspended by Twitter.
GO ’Trans-Racial’ Rachel Dolezal Disinvited from MLK Event After Backlash - Breitbart.
GO Rachel Dolezal, a former NAACP leader and professor who received national media attention after it was revealed that she was a white woman posing as   has been disinvited from a speaking event at a Martin Luther King Jr. festival in North Carolina after a community backlash about her scheduled appearance.
GO ‘Silent Fear’: Party of Davos Founder Plans Emergency D.C. Meeting to Discuss How to Handle Donald Trump - Breitbart.
GO The World Economic Forum’s annual gathering of globalist political, financial and cultural elitists is underway in Davos, Switzerland, but the organization’s founder is planning an emergency Washington, D. C. meeting in 2017 for worried elites worldwide to discuss how to deal with   Donald J. Trump.
GO Trump Pal Peter Thiel Running for Governor of California?.
GO Peter Thiel, the Silicon Valley billionaire and unofficial Trump tech advisor, may be considering a run for governor of California, according to three Republicans close to him.
GO Report: Jared Kushner to Play ’Key Role’ in Overhaul of Trump Team - Breitbart.
GO Donald Trump’s    and close advisor Jared Kushner is expected to play a “key role” in an overhaul of the president’s team, according to a report from The Washington Post.
GO Rand Paul: With Ryan’s Obamacare Lite Premiums Will Continue to Rise - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CBS’s “Face The Nation,” while discussing the Republicans the repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act dubbed Obamacare, Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said Speaker of the House Paul Ryan’s ( ) proposal was “Obamacare lite” and that will cause premiums to continue to rise.
GO McCain: I Don’t Pay Attention to Rand Paul, ’He Doesn’t Have Any Real Influence’ in the Senate - Breitbart.
GO Friday on CNN’s “The Situation Room,” while discussing Sen. Rand Paul ( ) calling the U. S. missile strikes in Syria unconstitutional, Sen. John McCain ( ) said he does not “pay any attention” to what Paul says because, “He doesn’t have any real influence in the United States Senate.
GO Tennessee Prison Hosts Program to Help Inmates Become Better Fathers.
GO A Tennessee prison program designed to help inmates become better fathers graduated nearly 40 inmates Friday.
GO Senate Approves Waiver for Gen. Mattis to Serve as Pentagon Chief - Breitbart.
GO The   Senate has approved a waiver to allow retired U. S. Marine Corps Gen. James “Mad Dog” Mattis to serve as incoming President Donald Trump’s secretary of defense.
GO Anti-Transgender Bus Impounded by Spanish Judge.
GO The president of a conservative group in Spain has vowed to fight on after a judge impounded a bus that was due to tour the country protesting transgender ideology.
GO Report: NBC Cutting Back ’Today’ to Make Room for Megyn Kelly.
GO NBC is making major changes to its   Today morning show to accommodate the arrival of former Fox News star Megyn Kelly, according to a report.
GO CBO Report: New Ryancare Saves Less than Previous Version, 24 Million Still Lose Insurance by 2026 - Breitbart.
GO A new Congressional Budget Office report for Speaker Paul Ryan’s revised American Health Care Act reveals that 24 million people would still lose insurance by 2026 and the plan saves less money than the previous version.
GO Trump to CNN: ’You Are Fake News’ - Breitbart.
GO During a press conference on Wednesday,   Donald Trump refused to take a question from CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jim Acosta and told him “You are fake news.
GO Trump: We’ve Exceeded ’Most Bullish Predictions’ for Progress on Border Security - Breitbart.
GO During Friday’s Weekly Address, President Trump stated that on border security, “we have so far exceeded even the most bullish predictions for the progress we could make in so short a period of time.
GO Jodie Foster at Anti-Trump Rally: ’This Is Our Time to Resist’.
GO Actress Jodie Foster condemned President Donald Trump’s policies Friday during United Talent Agency’s   “United Voices” rally outside the company’s Beverly Hills headquarters.
GO Rubio: NATO ’Not Obsolete,’ ’As Important as It’s Been Since the End of the Cold War’ - Breitbart.
GO Monday in Miami after attending a Martin Luther King Day event, while commenting on   Donald Trump saying NATO is obsolete, Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said NATO was “not only not obsolete I believe it’s as important as it’s been since the end of the Cold War.
GO STUDY: Trump’s Border Wall Could Save $64 Billion Over 10 Years.
GO A new study by the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) reveals savings created by reducing illegal immigration through an effective border wall could save taxpayers $64 billion over the next ten years.
GO Illegal Immigrant Driver Intentionally Killed Bicyclist, Police Say.
GO An illegal immigrant in a small North Carolina town intentionally hit and killed a bicyclist with his car, according to police.
GO Twitter Reverses Anti-Abuse Feature Following Complaints of More Abuse - Breitbart.
GO Twitter has reversed one of its new   features following complaints that it encouraged even more abuse on the platform.
GO MILO: Eugenics Is Alive And Well At Planned Parenthood - Breitbart.
GO Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO likened Planned Parenthood to eugenics during his talk at Cal Poly State University on Tuesday, citing the amount of black babies aborted every year.
GO McConnell: Trump’s State Dept Budget Cuts ’Probably’ Can’t Pass Senate - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on Capitol Hill, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) said President Donald Trump’s proposed budget cuts to State Department funding would “probably not” pass in the Senate.
GO Getty Museum in Los Angeles Evacuated after Bomb Threat.
GO The Getty Center museum in Los Angeles was evacuated Tuesday afternoon after an unidentified caller reportedly called in a bomb threat.
GO Remembrance Project Members Give Their Take on Jeff Sessions-John Kelly Address - Breitbart.
GO Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly were joined by members of the Remembrance Project, a   dedicated to giving a voice to those killed by illegal aliens, at their joint border security event Friday in San Diego.
GO Popular ’Polandball’ Meme Page Suspended From Facebook - Breitbart.
GO “Polandball,” a popular Facebook meme page, has been permanently suspended from the platform, losing over 350, 000 followers in the process.
GO Breitbart News Daily: Live from the G7 - Breitbart.
GO On the Friday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will report live from the G7 summit in Sicily, Italy.
GO The Advocate Calls for More Gun Control: Legal Guns No Different Than Illegal Guns.
GO The Advocate ran a column on March 3 that claimed, legal or illegal, all “guns are the problem” and called for the LGBTQ community to rally for more gun control.
GO Trump’s Executive Order Mandates Government Reports on Honor Killings Committed by Migrants - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump’s executive order halting the importation of refugees from six   countries also includes a section requiring the government to publicly release information on crimes committed by foreign nationals, including honor killings of women.
GO Walmart to Create 10,000 Retail Jobs, 24,000 Construction Jobs.
GO Walmart announced Tuesday it would be creating 10, 000 jobs in the United States this year, a number that’s on par with the amount of jobs the store has created in previous years, as   Donald Trump puts pressure on companies to create more jobs in the U. S.[The new jobs will be retail jobs for Walmart’s 59 new stores planned for the next fiscal year that starts in February or   jobs, but there will also be 24, 000 new construction jobs created in order to build the new stores, Reuters reports.
GO Report: Jared Kushner to Serve as Trump’s Senior Adviser in White House - Breitbart.
GO   Donald Trump’s    Jared Kushner, who is married to Ivanka Trump, is set to take a senior advising role in the White House, according to reports from NBC News and Fox News.
GO Attorney General Jeff Sessions Focuses On Violent Crime And Police Morale.
GO Attorney General Jeff Sessions pledged to devote federal resources to combat violent crime and to shore up morale across the nation’s police departments, on Monday in his first    briefing as the top U. S. law enforcement officer.
GO Minnesota Police Officer In Philando Castile Shooting Case Pleads Not Guilty.
GO A Minnesota police officer accused of fatally shooting Philando Castile in a St. Paul suburb last July pleaded not guilty to   manslaughter and two other charges.
GO Bomb Threats Made Against Jewish Community Centers In 11 States.
GO Bomb threats forced evacuations at Jewish schools and community centers in 11 states Monday, with the Jewish Community Center Association confirming threats in states ranging from Florida to Michigan.
GO Why Trump’s Speech To Congress Is Not A State Of The Union.
GO It will certainly feel like a State of the Union on Tuesday night: The president will make a major speech to Congress.
GO What If You Could Take It With You? Health Insurance, That Is.
GO Many Republican leaders have promoted the idea that consumers should have a ”health care backpack,” which would make it possible to take insurance from job to job or when moving, starting a business or retiring.
GO Samsung Chief Charged With Bribery And Embezzlement.
GO The acting head of Samsung, Lee   has been charged with bribery and embezzlement in connection with the corruption scandal that led to the impeachment of South Korea’s president.
GO White House Says Conway Acted ’Inadvertently’ When She Plugged Ivanka’s Products.
GO Updated at 4:20 p. m. ET, White House adviser Kellyanne Conway acted ”inadvertently” when she urged shoppers to buy Ivanka Trump’s products on Fox and Friends last month and won’t make the same mistake again, the Trump administration says.
GO Arkansas Weighs Whether To Remove The Clinton Name From Little Rock’s Airport.
GO Bill and Hillary Clinton’s political careers took off in Arkansas and the state capital, Little Rock, is filled with tributes to the former president, the only native of the Natural State who has made it to the Oval Office.
GO Attorney General Sessions To Recuse Himself From Any Trump Campaign Investigations.
GO Updated at 4:56 p. m. ET, Attorney General Jeff Sessions says he will recuse himself from any investigations into possible Russian involvement in the 2016 elections.
GO Ben Carson Confirmed As Secretary Of Housing And Urban Development.
GO Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson has been confirmed as the secretary of Housing and Urban Development, by a   Senate vote.
GO North Korea Claims Kim Jong Nam Likely Died Of A Heart Attack, Not Poisoning.
GO Nearly a week after Malaysia concluded that the   of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un died of poisoning from a powerful nerve agent, North Korea is claiming that he probably died of a heart attack.
GO Some Melanoma Survivors Are Still Getting Too Much Sun Exposure.
GO People who have survived melanoma were more likely to protect themselves from sun exposure than those who hadn’t experienced the disease, but a significant portion of them still reported getting a sunburn in the past year, among other behaviors that might increase the risk of a new cancer.
GO St. Louis Man Accused Of Making Threats Against Jewish Centers, Schools.
GO Updated 8:30 p. m. ET, Federal authorities have arrested and charged a man in St. Louis who they say is responsible for making at least eight threats against Jewish schools and organizations across the U. S. The threats were allegedly part of the suspect’s larger cyberstalking campaign against a woman with whom he once had a romantic relationship, the U. S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York said.
GO Banksy Customizes A West Bank Hotel, Offering Rooms With A View Of Wall.
GO There’s no pool, but there is a piano bar that exudes ”an air of undeserved authority.” That’s part of the promise at The Walled Off Hotel, the artist Banksy’s vision of a hotel along the wall Israel built in the occupied West Bank.
GO FBI Director Asks Justice Department To Publicly Deny Trump’s Wiretap Allegation.
GO Updated at 7 p. m. EST, FBI Director James Comey has requested that the Justice Department publicly deny President Trump’s allegation that President Barack Obama had ordered a wiretap of candidate Trump, a law enforcement official confirms to NPR’s Carrie Johnson.
GO Tom Hanks Sends The White House Press Corps A Caffeine Infusion (Again).
GO Tom Hanks of Sully, Joe Versus the Volcano, Forrest Gump and Wait Wait Don’t Tell Me fame wants the White House press corps to stay caffeinated.
GO Samantha Bee On Trump’s Win: ’I Could Feel This Seismic Shift’.
GO Full Frontal host Samantha Bee makes no bones about the fact that she was caught off guard by Donald Trump’s victory on election night.
GO Robert Osborne, Host Of Turner Classic Movies, Dies At 84.
GO Robert Osborne, Hollywood historian and host of Turner Classic Movies, has died at 84, according to the TV network.
GO Supreme Court Won’t Decide Transgender Teen’s Challenge To Bathroom Policy.
GO In a reversal, the Supreme Court will not decide Gavin Grimm’s lawsuit over a school policy that requires students to use the bathroom corresponding to their biological sex.
GO Treat Gun Violence Like A Public Health Crisis, One Program Says.
GO As gun violence continues to plague some of Chicago’s neighborhoods, a violence prevention program is looking to tackle the issue by treating it like a public health crisis.
GO Lynne Stewart, Defender Of Infamous Defendants, Dies At 77.
GO Lynne Stewart, a leftist lawyer who defended radicals and was eventually convicted in a terrorism case herself, has died at 77.
GO Charter Bus Was Stuck On Tracks When Freight Train Hit It, Witnesses In Biloxi Say.
GO Witnesses to Wednesday’s deadly crash involving a freight train and a bus say that the charter bus appeared to be trapped on the tracks just ahead of the crash that killed at least four people and injured dozens more in Biloxi, Miss.
GO Washington State Wants Judge’s Restraining Order Applied To Trump’s New Travel Ban.
GO Updated at 4:06 p. m. ET, Washington state is asking a federal judge to apply the restraining order that temporarily halted President Trump’s initial travel ban to the revised ban he signed Monday.
GO Massive Ancient Statue Discovered Submerged In Mud In Cairo.
GO Archaeologists working under difficult conditions in Cairo have discovered an ancient statue submerged in mud.
GO Julian Assange Says WikiLeaks Will Share CIA Code With Tech Companies.
GO Updated at 2:10 p. m. ET, WikiLeaks will be sharing alleged CIA hacking techniques with major technology companies such as Apple and Google to allow them to develop fixes for vulnerabilities in their phones and other electronic devices, according to Julian Assange.
GO How’d International Women’s Day Go For Musicians?.
GO Yesterday was International Women’s Day, a holiday that commemorates the global fight for gender equality and women’s rights.
GO Trump Administration Asks For More Time To Provide Proof That Obama Wiretapped Trump.
GO Updated 6:30 p. m. ET, The Justice Department has asked for more time to respond to a congressional committee about any evidence that President Barack Obama ordered surveillance of   Donald Trump last year, as Trump has claimed.
GO Author, ’Modern Love’ Essayist Amy Krouse Rosenthal Dies At 51.
GO Amy Krouse Rosenthal, the   author who recently announced her illness by penning a personals ad for her beloved husband, has died at 51.
GO How Many Would Lose Health Coverage? It Depends On How You Define ’Insurance’.
GO When the Congressional Budget Office on Monday announced that the Republican plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act would lead to 24 million people losing insurance coverage, Tom Price cried foul.
GO In 2005, Trump Was Hit With A Tax That He Now Wants To Abolish .
GO President Trump has made clear he doesn’t like the alternative minimum tax, a complex federal levy that will hit some 4.
GO How Many Health Workers Have Been Killed In Syria?.
GO In truth, there is no way to come with a 100 percent accurate count of all the health workers who have died since the conflict in Syria that began six years ago this month.
GO President Barack Obama commutes sentences of 46 drug offenders.
GO Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama commuted the prison sentences of 46 drug offenders, saying in a video posted online Monday that the men and women were not ”hardened criminals” and their punishments didn’t match the crimes they committed.
GO Defiant Donald Trump refuses to apologize to John McCain.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump wouldn’t apologize Sunday after igniting a political firestorm a day earlier by questioning whether Sen. John McCain    who spent five years as a prisoner during the Vietnam War    is a war hero.
GO Chattanooga shooting: Fifth service member dies.
GO Chattanooga, Tennessee (CNN) U. S. Navy Petty Officer Randall Smith, wounded in a shooting rampage in Tennessee, died early Saturday, according to a family member.
GO Young Elizabeth’s Nazi salute: The Sun sparks furor.
GO London (CNN) The Sun newspaper has sparked a furor in Britain by releasing   footage of Queen Elizabeth II    then a young girl    giving a Nazi salute as she played with her family.
GO Why Donald Trump is surging in the polls.
GO Laconia, New Hampshire (CNN) Donald Trump, surging in the polls, arrived at this lakeside enclave and trained his ire on perhaps the only target that aggravates his supporters as much as the Obama Administration: Republicans.
GO Look at me! 23 selfies of the week.
GO Take a look at 23 selfies of the week from July 8 through July 14.
GO Reaching for the moon.
GO The first moon landing took place 47 years ago in July 1969.
GO Lindsey Graham: Donald Trump is a ’jackass’.
GO Tallahassee, Florida (CNN) Sen. Lindsey Graham, a 2016 candidate and close friend of Arizona Sen. John McCain, called businessman Donald Trump ”a jackass” on CNN’s ”Erin Burnett OutFront” on Monday.
GO New Prince George photo released on eve of his birthday.
GO London (CNN) A new photograph of Prince George has been released on the eve of his second birthday.
GO Turkey attack: Funerals held for victims of Suruc blast.
GO Suruc, Turkey (CNN) Funerals were held Tuesday for victims of a blast that ripped through a rally in the Turkish border town of Suruc a day earlier    an attack suspected to have been carried out by an ISIS suicide bomber.
GO Clinton campaign, Republicans clash over Benghazi.
GO Boston (CNN) Hillary Clinton’s campaign said Saturday morning that she will publicly testify before the House Select Committee on Benghazi on Oct. 22.
GO Spelman College ends professorship funded by Cosby.
GO Atlanta (CNN) Spelman College, a historically black women’s school in Atlanta, has officially terminated a professorship endowed by actor Bill Cosby and his wife Camille.
GO Look at me! 22 selfies of the week.
GO Take a look at 22 selfies of the week from July 21 through July 28.
GO Mike Huckabee: Maybe Holocaust metaphor wasn’t good.
GO Washington (CNN) Mike Huckabee is standing by his comparison of President Barack Obama’s Iran nuclear deal to the Holocaust    but acknowledged Tuesday that ”maybe the metaphor is not a good one.” In an interview with Yahoo News, the Republican presidential contender said he sees Iran as a threat to Israel’s future.
GO Rep. Fattah indicted in racketeering conspiracy.
GO Washington (CNN) Rep. Chaka Fattah was indicted Wednesday on racketeering charges tied to a host of public corruption schemes, the Department of Justice said.
GO ’Pee-wee’s Big Adventure’ at 30: Where are they now?.
GO ’ ’s Big Adventure’ is turning 30, take a look at what the actors from the   are up to now.
GO Bin Laden relatives killed in UK plane crash, police say.
GO London (CNN) Three members of Osama bin Laden’s family were among four people killed in a small plane crash in southern England, British police said.
GO Latest Clinton email batch: Clinton learns how to email.
GO Washington (CNN) The State Department on Friday released the latest batch of emails Hillary Clinton sent and received during her time as Secretary of State.
GO CNN fact checks the 2016 Republican debates.
GO Washington (CNN) The CNN   Team worked through Thursday night to check some of the most notable claims made by all 17 Republican presidential candidates at the two debates hosted by Fox News.
GO CNN to host first Democratic presidential debate.
GO Washington (CNN) CNN and the Democratic National Committee announced Thursday the network will host the first Democratic primary debate in Nevada on October 13.
GO Disney movies propel North American movie box office to new record in 2016.
GO ’’ ’NEW YORK, Jan 1 (Reuters)   The North American movie box office raked in $11.
GO These tech startups are IPO candidates to watch in 2017.
GO ’2016 saw a dry spell for tech IPOs, but investors are already counting on 2017 to turn the tides.’ ’Already, startups like AppDynamics and Snapchat have filed to go public in the new year.
GO Kohl’s and Macy’s are both getting crushed after reporting disappointing holiday sales.
GO ’’ ”Holiday sales weren’t too hot at two of America’s largest retailers.” ”Both Kohl’s and Macy’s reported lower sales during November and December 2016 than the year before.
GO The suspect in the Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting was reportedly known to the FBI.
GO ’   The man authorities believe shot 13 people, five of   them fatally, at Fort Lauderdale International Airport on   Friday was known to the FBI prior to carrying out the massacre,    ’ ’   Law enforcement sources told CBS that the suspected assailant,      Esteban Santiago, walked into an FBI office in   Anchorage, Alaska, in November 2016 claiming voices in his head   were telling him to join ISIS.
GO Marissa Mayer is resigning from Yahoo’s board.
GO ’’ ”Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer will resign from the company’s board of directors after its planned $4.
GO Ivanka Trump defends her ‘feminist’ father.
GO Ivanka Trump says she’s a living, breathing example that puts the lie to accusations that her father is a misogynist.
GO Oklahoma’s Baker Mayfield charged with public drunkenness and resisting arrest.
GO Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield has been arrested and charged with public intoxication, disorderly conduct and resisting arrest.
GO Google to display fact-checking labels to show if news is true or false.
GO Google is to start displaying   labels in its search results to highlight news and information that has been vetted and show whether it is considered to be true or false, as part of its efforts to help combat the spread of misinformation and fake news.
GO How yoga could ease cancer patients’ pain and fatigue.
GO Yoga may help ease the pain and fatigue of cancer treatment, according to new research.
GO Government will lose Brexit supreme court case, ministers believe.
GO Cabinet ministers have privately conceded that they are very likely to lose a landmark legal case on Brexit in the supreme court and have drawn up at least two versions of a bill that could be tabled after the ruling.
GO Neil Gorsuch under fire from Democrats in second day of Senate questioning.
GO Assured of support from majority Republicans, supreme court nominee Neil Gorsuch was wrapping up two days of Senate questioning Wednesday to glowing GOP reviews but complaints from frustrated Democrats that he concealed his views from the American public.
GO More than half of Americans want stricter gun laws, Pew study finds.
GO More than half of Americans want stricter gun laws, while still preserving the rights of most people in most places to carry most types of guns, a Pew Research Center survey has found.
GO Martin Scorsese’s The Irishman bought by Netflix.
GO In its latest statement of film business intent, streaming giant Netflix has bought worldwide rights to Martin Scorsese’s upcoming The Irishman, which had been set up at Hollywood studio Paramount Pictures.
GO Arthur Blythe, acclaimed jazz musician, dies aged 76.
GO Arthur Blythe, the jazz musician and composer who was a key part of the genre’s experimentation in the 70s alongside the likes of Don Cherry, has died at the age of 76.
GO Adrien Broner ’is OK’ despite threats to take his own life, adviser insists.
GO Former     Adrien Broner shared a series of alarming posts on social media on Wednesday that suggested he was planning to take his own life, though a longtime adviser to the boxer reached by the Guardian insists “he’s OK”.
GO China’s ’extinct’ dolphin may have returned to Yangtze river, say conservationists.
GO Chinese conservationists believe they may have caught a rare glimpse of a freshwater dolphin that was declared functionally extinct a decade ago having graced the Yangtze river for 20 million years.
GO Rhode Island boarding school agrees to settlement in sexual abuse case.
GO An elite boarding school in Rhode Island announced on Wednesday that it had agreed to a settlement to provide compensation for up to 30 former students over sexual abuse accusations.
GO What Thailand can teach the world about universal healthcare.
GO While countries all over the world are moving toward universal healthcare, for many it remains just a goal.
GO Boston police captain’s son accused of plotting attack in support of Isis.
GO A Boston police captain’s son accused of plotting an attack on a college campus in support of the Islamic State group has been indicted on terrorism charges.
GO Oil exec accused of impersonating Elon Musk to steal Tesla’s company secrets.
GO An oil executive accused of impersonating Elon Musk in an email in an attempt to solicit company secrets from Tesla wants the lawsuit thrown out because he says his impersonation wasn’t credible.
GO Trump Foundation cannot dissolve amid investigation into charity spending.
GO Donald Trump cannot move ahead with his plan to dismantle his charitable foundation because state prosecutors are investigating whether the   personally benefited from its spending, the New York attorney general’s office said on Tuesday.
GO Health anxiety may increase risk of heart disease, research finds.
GO Fit and healthy people who worry about developing an illness may be increasing their risk of heart disease by unnecessarily fretting over their health, research suggests.
GO Yuliya Stepanova ‘certain’ there are athletes doping at Rio Games.
GO Yuliya Stepanova, the Russian athlete who bravely gathered undercover evidence of systemic state sponsored doping, has said she is “certain” there will be athletes competing dirty at the Rio Games and hit out at the International Olympic Committee for, in effect, gagging whistleblowers.
GO Trump cabinet appointments will ’undo decades of progress’, rights activists say.
GO Rights activists have condemned Donald Trump for three cabinet appointments they say could “undo decades of progress” towards racial equality and effectively legitimise the use of torture.
GO Loretta Lynch to follow FBI guidance in Hillary Clinton email investigation.
GO The US attorney general, Loretta Lynch, intends to accept whatever recommendation career prosecutors and federal agents make in the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server, a justice department official said on Friday.
GO China’s credit binge increases risk of banking crisis, says watchdog.
GO China’s huge credit binge has increased the risk of a banking crisis in the world’s second biggest economy in the next three years, according to global financial watchdog.
GO Aegean islands alarm as refugee numbers rise after Turkey coup attempt.
GO Greek authorities on a number of Aegean islands have called for emergency measures to curtail a growing flow of refugees from Turkey, which Athens attributes to the impact of the attempted coup in that country.
GO Two police officers dead and one injured in Palm Springs shooting.
GO Two California police officers were shot dead on Saturday while responding to a family disturbance in the town of Palm Springs, and a third was injured as police tried to bring a suspect into custody, officials said.
GO Keith Ellison enters race to lead Democratic National Committee.
GO Congressman Keith Ellison of Minnesota has formally entered the race for chairman of the Democratic National Committee after a brutal election day loss that left the party leaderless and in shock.
GO Jill Harth, who accused Trump of sexual assault, threatens to countersue.
GO Jill Harth, the first woman to publicly accuse Donald Trump of sexual misconduct, has threatened to countersue the Republican nominee for president, if he carries out the promise to sue his accusers he outlined in Gettysburg on Saturday.
GO Angelina Jolie may board Murder on the Orient Express for Kenneth Branagh.
GO Angelina Jolie is expected to take on the role played by Lauren Bacall in Murder on the Orient Express, in an upcoming remake of the 1974 classic, directed by Kenneth Branagh.
GO Keith Scott shooting: no charges to be filed against Charlotte police officer.
GO No state criminal charges will be brought against the police officer who fatally shot Keith Scott in North Carolina earlier this year, prosecutors announced on Wednesday.
GO Bridgegate: Chris Christie misconduct complaint to be reviewed for indictment.
GO New Jersey governor Chris Christie is facing an official misconduct complaint stemming from the closure of lanes leading to the George Washington Bridge in 2013.
GO Def Jam’s Russell Simmons targets ex-friend Trump’s campaign ’of hate’.
GO Russell Simmons, the American entrepreneur and founder of Def Jam Records, recalled a time when he was Donald Trump’s close friend.
GO Herbalife dodges ’pyramid scheme’ label and agrees to pay $200m fine.
GO Dieting supplement sales company Herbalife dodged the “pyramid scheme” designation on Friday as it agreed to pay the US Federal Trade Commission a $200m fine.
GO Alaska’s first retail marijuana store set to open at ’high noon’ two years after vote.
GO A store in Alaska was set on Saturday to be the first in the state offering retail marijuana sales, with a grand opening scheduled for what the operators were calling “high noon”.
GO Clinton Foundation: Bill to quit board if Hillary becomes president.
GO Bill Clinton will quit the board of his charitable foundation but not disband it if Hillary Clinton wins the US presidency, he said on Monday, as Republicans pressed allegations of a conflict of interest.
GO The Guardian view on globalisation: its death is the making of it.
GO Ever since US presidential candidates railed against free trade, and   parties made sweeping gains in Europe, the question has been asked: are we witnessing the demise of globalisation?
GO Florida executions on hold after court rules death penalty unconstitutional.
GO Executions in Florida and the fate of prisoners on death row will remain on hold after a resounding ruling on Friday from the state’s highest court that the death penalty there is unconstitutional.
GO Angelina Jolie says UN undermined by sexual abuse by peacekeepers.
GO Angelina Jolie has made a surprise appearance at a major UN peacekeeping summit, where she told delegates from 80 countries that the organisation’s reputation had been undermined by intolerable cases of sexual abuse by peacekeepers.
GO Zika in Florida: 10 new cases confirmed amid concern over US response.
GO Florida health officials confirmed 10 new Zika infections on Friday, the largest number of infections found on a single day and a sign of the United States’ faltering response to a looming crisis.
GO Barack Obama reflects on presidency at final White House state dinner.
GO Barack Obama hosted his final state dinner on Tuesday, welcoming the Italian prime minister, Matteo Renzi to the White House and spurring nostalgia for the Obamas’ final months on Pennsylvania Avenue.
GO Christopher Marlowe credited as one of Shakespeare’s co-writers.
GO The   suggestion that Christopher Marlowe was William Shakespeare is now widely dismissed, along with other authorship theories.
GO Canada’s recreational marijuana should come in plain packaging, panel says.
GO Canada’s government should regulate the production of cannabis when it is legalized for recreational use and require plain packaging for such products, an official panel has recommended, in a potential setback to growers who hoped to build brands.
GO Jill Stein’s election recount ends as Wisconsin finds 131 more Trump votes.
GO The recount effort by Green party presidential candidate Jill Stein came to an end on Monday, after weeks of legal wrangling yielded only one electoral review in Wisconsin that ended up favoring Donald Trump.
GO Iranian cyclist Bahman Golbarnezhad dies after Rio Paralympic road race crash.
GO An Iranian cyclist has become the first Paralympic athlete to die in competition following a horrific crash in the men’s   road race in Rio.
GO Paul Manafort resigns as chairman of Donald Trump campaign.
GO Donald Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort has resigned, in the latest convulsion to sweep a candidacy reeling from poor polling numbers and   controversy.
GO Zika: South Beach confirmed as second site of US-based transmission.
GO The CDC has added South Beach to its travel warning, after it was identified as the second site of Zika transmission by mosquitos on the US mainland.
GO Vital fetal tissue research threatened by House of Representatives subpoenas.
GO Subpoenas issued by a special House panel convened to investigate the world of fetal tissue research has sparked complaints that the probe could create a chilling effect for vital medical research, as the targets of the investigation balk at what they characterize as an unbelievably wide dragnet.
GO Neanderthals may have died of diseases carried by humans from Africa.
GO Diseases and infections passed on by the ancestors of modern humans when they moved out of Africa and into Europe may have helped wipe out the Neanderthals who previously dominated the continent.
GO Minnesota school’s ban on graphic novel draws free-speech protests.
GO The withdrawal of an   graphic novel from a school in Minnesota over its use of “profanities” has drawn a stern rebuke from   groups, who warned that the ban opens the door to removing classic works such as The Catcher in the Rye and Beloved.
GO Tennessee school bus crash: driver arrested after five children killed.
GO The driver of a school bus that was filled with elementary students when it crashed in Chattanooga, killing at least five children, has been arrested and faces charges including vehicular homicide.
GO Fifa corruption case defendants may consider guilty pleas, prosecutor says.
GO Several defendants in a   corruption case involving soccer’s global governing body Fifa are in talks on possible guilty pleas, a US prosecutor said on Monday.
GO Milo Yiannopoulos talk at Kent school cancelled over security concerns.
GO A Kent school has cancelled a talk by Milo Yiannopoulos, a former pupil, outspoken Donald Trump supporter and member of the     movement.
GO Those luxury Egyptian cotton sheets you own may not be luxurious – or Egyptian.
GO Egyptian cotton, which can be spun into fine, long fiber to make sheets with a high thread count, is synonymous with luxury bedding.
GO FBI employee pleads guilty to passing information to China.
GO An FBI electronics technician has pleaded guilty in New York to acting as an agent of China and passing along sensitive information to a Chinese government official.
GO German police find explosives in flat during hunt for Syrian national.
GO German police hunting for a   man suspected of planning a bomb attack found explosives in a flat they raided while searching for him on Saturday, officials said.
GO Missing teen found with altered appearance placed in protective custody.
GO A teenage girl who went missing while on a volunteer mission in Grand Teton national park was placed in protective custody on Sunday, after she was found uninjured but with a changed appearance and after a flight from her rescuers.
GO Mexican mayor and officers arrested in murder of 10 people found burned.
GO A mayor and four local police officers have been arrested in a western Mexican state in connection with the murder of 10 people, who were killed and burned over the weekend.
GO Zika virus is no longer a global health emergency, UN health agency says.
GO The United Nations health agency has declared that the Zika virus and related neurological complications no longer constitute an international emergency and said it is preparing a   response to the   virus that can result in severe neurological defects in newborns whose mothers were infected.
GO Team of hackers take remote control of Tesla Model S from 12 miles away.
GO Three months since the first fatal crash involving a Tesla driving in autopilot mode, hackers have taken remote control of a Tesla Model S from a distance of 12 miles, interfering with the car’s brakes, door locks, dashboard computer screen and other electronically controlled features in the   car.
GO YouTube star allegedly kicked off Delta flight ’for speaking Arabic’ is known for pranks.
GO A YouTube star known for filming elaborate hoaxes was escorted off a Delta flight on Wednesday morning after he claimed that other passengers complained when they heard him speaking in Arabic.
GO Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic undroppable, says José Mourinho.
GO José Mourinho believes Zlatan Ibrahimovic’s performances and importance to Manchester United have made it close to impossible to give the Swede a rest.
GO Ryan Giggs offered role on Mourinho’s coaching staff at Manchester United.
GO Ryan Giggs has been offered a role on José Mourinho’s coaching staff when the Portuguese becomes the next Manchester United manager.
GO Fidel Castro funeral presents dilemma for world leaders.
GO Vladimir Putin, Justin Trudeau and Theresa May are among the world leaders who have already decided not to attend the funeral of Fidel Castro, and it seems very likely that Barack Obama will also stay away despite his historic visit to Cuba earlier this year.
GO Surfer Blood guitarist Thomas Fekete dies at age 27.
GO Thomas Fekete, the    guitarist for   indie rock band Surfer Blood, has died of a rare form of cancer, it was announced Tuesday.
GO Obama’s pick as ambassador to Cuba has ’0% chance’ of approval, union says.
GO Barack Obama has a “0%” chance of getting his nomination for ambassador to Cuba approved by Congress, according to the union representing US diplomats.
GO Stephen Colbert can’t be Comedy Central Stephen Colbert, lawyers say.
GO After CBS Late Show host Stephen Colbert told viewers that lawyers representing his old Comedy Central show said he couldn’t be “Stephen Colbert” anymore, he thumbed his nose at them with a transparent dodge.
GO Unilever in talks to buy Jessica Alba’s Honest company for $1bn.
GO Unilever is attempting to buy Hollywood actor Jessica Alba’s household goods company Honest for more than $1bn (£760m) according to reports.
GO Facebook safety check helped spread false reports of Thailand explosion.
GO A Facebook safety check for Bangkok, which the company claimed was prompted by a   protest near the prime minister’s office, helped spread a fake news report of an explosion in the city.
GO Rodrigo Duterte says Obama ’can go to hell’ and considers breaking up with US.
GO Philippine leader Rodrigo Duterte has told Barack Obama “you can go to hell” in his strongest tirade so far against the US over its criticism of his deadly   campaign, adding that he may eventually decide to “break up with America”.
GO Philando Castile: police officer charged with manslaughter over shooting death.
GO A Minnesota police officer has been charged with   manslaughter in the killing of Philando Castile, an African American who was fatally shot in a suburb of St Paul, Minnesota, in July.
GO Carrie Fisher dies at 60: actor and acclaimed writer best known as Princess Leia.
GO Carrie Fisher, the actor best known for her portrayal of Princess Leia in the Star Wars films and her unflinching   that contrasted with the artifice of Hollywood celebrity, has died in Los Angeles.
GO Did Shakespeare write Henry V to suit London theatre’s odd shape?.
GO The battle scenes of Shakespeare’s Henry V may have been written to suit the long, narrow stage of the Curtain, one of the earliest   theatres in London.
GO Total solar eclipse 2016: when it’s happening and how to watch it.
GO Day will turn to night this week for millions of people, as the moon passes directly in front of the sun causing a total solar eclipse.
GO Canadian man punches cougar in the face to save his dog.
GO A Canadian man punched a cougar in the face to stop it attacking his dog, police have said.
GO José Mourinho promises he will not get personal with Pep Guardiola next season.
GO José Mourinho has said he will not get into personal arguments with Pep Guardiola next season when they are in charge of Manchester United and Manchester City respectively as it would mean “someone else” winning the title.
GO Water protection laws won’t change until 2017 despite Flint crisis.
GO Changes to laws that protect Americans’ drinking water are still at least six months away, the US Environmental Protection Agency has said, despite the ongoing lead crisis in Flint and calls for reform from lawmakers and public health groups.
GO Prominent football figures still in game named by players alleging sexual abuse.
GO Prominent figures from the football world, including a former manager described as still working “in the senior echelons” of the sport, have repeatedly been named by some of the players alleging sexual abuse in the escalating crisis that has also led to new claims about a number of clubs, not just Chelsea, paying off victims with hush money.
GO Milwaukee sheriff says it’s ’pitchforks and torches time’ and stands by Trump.
GO It’s “pitchforks and torches time” a prominent conservative sheriff tweeted on Saturday, with a condemnation of the government and media that echoes the increasingly heated rhetoric of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign.
GO New Jeff Koons sculpture is tribute to victims of Paris attacks.
GO American artist Jeff Koons is giving Paris a monumental sculpture of a bunch of flowers in commemoration of the lives lost in the 2015 terrorist attacks in the French city.
GO Hurricane Matthew’s devastation in Haiti forces UN to call for $120m in aid.
GO The United Nations   Ban   has called for a “massive response” to help Haiti in the wake of Hurricane Matthew as local aid officials struggled to get food, medicine and water to increasingly desperate communities still isolated almost a week after the blow from the deadly storm.
GO Justin Timberlake to join Kate Winslet in Woody Allen’s 48th film.
GO Justin Timberlake is the latest major addition to the growing cast of Woody Allen’s next film, which Kate Winslet will star in.
GO Rex Tillerson: an appointment that confirms Putin’s US election win.
GO Rex Tillerson’s nomination as the next secretary of state confirms Vladimir Putin as one of the strategic victors of the US presidential election.
GO Migrant boat capsizes off Egyptian coast.
GO Dozens of people have died and officials fear hundreds more have been lost at sea after a boat carrying 600 migrants capsized off the north Egyptian coast, as world leaders gathered at a summit in New York to discuss the refugee crisis.
GO New Yorkers left in a pickle by news famous Carnegie Deli to close.
GO They’re calling it “pastrami on cry”: after nearly eight decades of serving   sandwiches to hungry New Yorkers and tourists, the Carnegie Deli has announced that it will close its doors at the end of 2016.
GO Brock Turner released from jail after serving half of six-month sentence.
GO Brock Turner, the American college athlete whose sexual assault case sparked international debates about campus violence, was released from jail on Friday after serving half of a   sentence, prompting protests by victims’ advocates and women’s rights groups.
GO Volcano near Naples showing signs of reawakening.
GO The slumbering Campi Flegrei volcano under the Italian city of Naples shows signs of reawakening and may be nearing a critical pressure point, according to a new study.
GO Silicon Valley CEO who allegedly kicked girlfriend 117 times gets one year in jail.
GO Gurbaksh Chahal, a Silicon Valley technology mogul who pleaded guilty to assault after police say he punched and kicked his girlfriend 117 times, was sentenced to one year in jail on Friday for violating probation.
GO Nigel Farage discusses ’freedom and winning’ in meeting with Trump.
GO A senior adviser to Donald Trump has confirmed that the   met UK Independence party leader Nigel Farage, saying the two men discussed “freedom and winning”.
GO Volkswagen to settle emissions cheating scandal for more than $10.2bn.
GO Volkswagen has agreed to pay US vehicle owners an average of about $5, 000 apiece to settle claims from its diesel emissions cheating scandal, two people briefed on the matter said on Thursday.
GO US diplomat in charge of Iraq occupation backs key Chilcot inquiry findings.
GO The American diplomat tasked with leading the occupation of Iraq in 2003 has backed several key criticisms made by Britain’s Chilcot inquiry despite a defiant response to its report from former president George W Bush and other Republicans.
GO Veterans at Standing Rock see police retribution after arrest and charges.
GO Police have filed charges against two US veterans supporting Standing Rock, holding one in jail for several days, raising concerns that law enforcement is trying to prevent them from aiding activists at the Dakota Access pipeline.
GO Russia summons Israeli ambassador to explain air raids in Syria.
GO Russia summoned the Israeli ambassador to demand an explanation for Israel’s air raids in Syria last week, Moscow has confirmed, as an Israeli drone was blamed for the targeted killing of a senior   fighter in a second reported incident.
GO How women’s health advocates can win in 2017.
GO In the cold light of 2017, maternal and child health advocates are still recovering from Trump’s election.
GO Five homeless people rescued from flooding as rain inundates California.
GO Five homeless people were rescued by emergency workers on Tuesday after their encampment in a San Jose golf course was flooded amid major winter storms that have left California reservoirs and waterways dangerously overflowing.
GO Philip Rivers says Chargers’ move from San Diego to LA has left him ’numb’.
GO Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers has admitted the team’s controversial move from San Diego to Los Angeles has left him “numb”.
GO False alarms: hackers take over Dallas’s 156 sirens before system deactivated.
GO Hackers took control over the 156 sirens in Dallas this weekend, triggering false alarms on the system used to alert residents to take shelter from inclement weather, until officials deactivated the system early Saturday morning.
GO Goa murder: 245 tourists died in four local districts in past 12 years.
GO An   dual national whom police believe was murdered in Goa was one of more than 245 foreigners to die in four districts of the Indian state in the past 12 years, according to police records obtained by the Guardian.
GO Red Sox hand down lifetime ban to fan who used racial slur at Fenway Park.
GO The Boston Red Sox have permanently banned a man from Fenway Park who was said to have used a racial slur at another fan at Tuesday’s game against the Baltimore Orioles.
GO United passenger dragged off plane likely to sue airline, attorney says.
GO The passenger dragged from a United Airlines plane in Chicago, in an incident that sparked international outrage and turned into a public relations nightmare for the carrier, will probably sue the company, his attorney said on Thursday.
GO Stop Trump group aims for biggest protests in UK history.
GO Activists, MPs and trade unions have vowed to hold the biggest demonstrations in UK history, outstripping the Iraq war protests, when Donald Trump makes his state visit later this year, and will kick off a programme of opposition to the US president with a migrant solidarity rally on Monday.
GO Ex-Trump adviser says phone may have been tapped, without offering evidence.
GO A former foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump has written to congressional investigators claiming, without evidence, that his mobile phone may have been tapped last year.
GO Yes, the courts ’second-guessed’ Donald Trump’s motives. That’s their job.
GO Questions about responsibility dominated oral argument on Monday before the US fourth circuit court of appeals, which sat in judgment of Donald Trump’s revised travel ban.
GO Chelsea Clinton joins board of online travel site Expedia, documents say.
GO Chelsea Clinton is joining the board of directors of online travel booking site Expedia, according to documents filed with federal authorities this week.
GO Arkansas’ governor is ’fighting back’ to execute five men in 10 days. But why?.
GO The Republican governor of Arkansas, Asa Hutchinson, is pressing ahead with a controversial plan to carry out five executions in 10 days despite the intense pressure the unprecedented schedule is imposing on victims’ families and the condemned men.
GO Is Obama’s official White House photographer trolling Donald Trump?.
GO Every day is throwback Thursday for the former chief photographer for Barack Obama in the White House, who appears to be attempting to troll Donald Trump on Instagram.
GO Giant iceberg poised to break off from Antarctic shelf.
GO A giant iceberg, with an area equivalent to Trinidad and Tobago, is poised to break off from the Antarctic shelf.
GO Isis deputy killed in airstrike, says Iraqi TV.
GO Ayad   believed to be a deputy of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr   has been killed in an airstrike, an Iraqi intelligence spokesman has said.
GO Life forms that could be 50,000 years old found in caves in Mexico.
GO In a Mexican cave system so beautiful and hot that it is called both fairyland and hell, scientists have discovered life trapped in crystals that could be 50, 000 years old.
GO Robert Pirsig: Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance author dies aged 88.
GO Robert Pirsig, author of the influential 1970s philosophical novel Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, has died at the age of 88.
GO LGBT activists detained in Moscow while petitioning against Chechen purge.
GO Five LGBT activists were detained in Moscow on Thursday while trying to submit a petition signed by two million people calling for an investigation into the torture and persecution of gay men in Chechnya.
GO At least 22 killed, 59 injured in suicide attack at Manchester Arena.
GO At least 22 people, including children, have been killed and 59 injured in a suicide bombing at a crowded pop concert in Manchester, the most deadly attack in Britain in a decade.
GO Senate Democrats pledge to block Neil Gorsuch’s supreme court nomination.
GO Democrats have vowed to block the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the supreme court, raising the prospect of a bitter showdown in the Senate.
GO May to discuss how to boost US-UK migration with Trump, say sources.
GO Theresa May wants to explore how to boost   migration when she meets the US president, Donald Trump, this week as part of their talks over an early trade deal, according to British government sources.
GO Uber CEO Travis Kalanick resigns following months of chaos.
GO Uber   Travis Kalanick has resigned from his position as chief executive of the $68bn   app following a tumultuous six months of scandal.
GO British Airways cabin crew set to stage new four-day strike over pay.
GO British Airways cabin crew have announced four more days of strikes, to start on 22 February, as a dispute over pay continues.
GO Google’s bad week: YouTube loses millions as advertising row reaches US.
GO It’s been a bad week for Google, with major brands pulling millions of dollars in advertising amid rows over extremist content on YouTube.
GO Deutsche Bank examined Donald Trump’s account for Russia links.
GO The   bank that loaned hundreds of millions of dollars to Donald Trump has conducted a close internal examination of the US president’s personal account to gauge whether there are any suspicious connections to Russia, the Guardian has learned.
GO Could history of humans in North America be rewritten by broken bones?.
GO The history of the people of America, a story that dates back to the last ice age, has been upended by the battered bones of a mastodon found under a freeway construction site in California.
GO White House plan to hire more border agents raises vetting fear, ex-senior official says.
GO As the White House moves forward with its plan to impose “extreme vetting” on immigrants to the US, a former senior official at Customs and Border Protection (CBP) has raised questions about the Trump administration’s ability to properly vet new hires as it fulfills its pledge to dramatically increase the number of border agents.
GO Gwyneth Paltrow launches Goop as glossy Condé Nast magazine.
GO Gwyneth Paltrow, having conquered the worlds of acting, macrobiotic cookery and   fashion, is to launch a quarterly magazine published by Condé Nast.
GO Virginia Muslim teenager’s death being investigated as road rage, police say.
GO Police say the killing of a Muslim teenager near a mosque close to Washington DC is being investigated as a road rage incident.
GO World’s first transgender doll to be unveiled at New York toy fair.
GO The world’s first transgender doll is being unveiled at the New York toy fair this weekend, modelled on the US teenager and LGBTQ campaigner Jazz Jennings.
GO Iran: Hassan Rouhani wins landslide in huge victory for reformists.
GO The Iranian president, Hassan Rouhani, has won a sweeping endorsement for efforts to end Iran’s international isolation and bring greater freedoms at home, with an unexpected landslide victory in a fiercely contested   bid.
GO Roberto Durán: ‘Fighters would take one look at me and crap in their pants’.
GO On a Saturday evening in Leeds, in an anonymous hotel where he winks and shouts out hello to a passing waitress who returns his wave cheerfully, Roberto Durán keeps gripping my arm and cackling.
GO John Kerry links Britain to derailing of Obama’s plan for intervention in Syria.
GO Barack Obama’s plan for military intervention in Syria was abruptly derailed by David Cameron and British members of parliament, US secretary of state John Kerry claimed on Thursday.
GO ’No access’: Rex Tillerson sets collision course with Beijing in South China Sea.
GO Rex Tillerson, Donald Trump’s nominee for secretary of state, has set the stage for a potential clash with China, saying it should be barred from artificial islands it has built in the South China Sea.
GO Massive ancient undersea landslide discovered off Great Barrier Reef.
GO Evidence of a massive undersea landslide that took place more than 300, 000 years ago has been discovered off the Great Barrier Reef.
GO Manchester United to face Real Madrid and Barcelona in pre-season US tour.
GO Manchester United will face Real Madrid, Barcelona and Manchester City this summer in the International Champions Cup in the United States.
GO John Terry seeks Premier League stay after announcing plan to leave Chelsea.
GO John Terry will seek to extend his career in the Premier League next season after Chelsea announced they would not be renewing their captain’s contract at Stamford Bridge, severing a   association with the club.
GO Obama’s second term: a president faces the limits of his power.
GO Barack Obama’s second term began in earnest not with his   nor subsequent inauguration, but on a dark December day exactly halfway between the two.
GO British Airways cancels all flights from Gatwick and Heathrow due to IT failure.
GO British Airways cancelled all flights from Heathrow and Gatwick on Saturday due to a major IT failure causing severe disruption to its global operations that is expected to run into Sunday.
GO Manny Pacquiao casts doubt over fight with Australia’s Jeff Horn.
GO Jeff Horn’s management team are confident a Brisbane fight with Manny Pacquiao will go ahead despite claims the Filipino’s next bout will be in the UAE.
GO Former Soviet gymnast Olga Korbut sells Olympic medals.
GO Olga Korbut, a former Soviet gymnast whose performances dazzled the world at the 1972 Munich Games, has sold her Olympic medals and other memorabilia after apparently falling into financial difficulty.
GO John McCain: lifting Russia sanctions would be ’naive and dangerous’.
GO Senator John McCain has warned Donald Trump that the Senate would quickly reimpose sanctions on Russia if they are lifted by the president, setting up an early showdown between the White House and congressional Republicans over a vital foreign policy issue.
GO The dos and don’ts of being a first lady: from Jackie Kennedy to Melania Trump.
GO Ever since her husband was elected president of the United States, there’s been speculation about how much Melania Trump really wants to 1) be The Donald’s wife 2) take on the duties of first lady.
GO Jeremy Corbyn: the war on terror is simply not working.
GO The sight of the army on Britain’s streets after the Manchester suicide bomb attack is a clear sign that the UK’s foreign policy and approach to fighting terrorism is not working, Jeremy Corbyn has said.
GO Alibaba founder Jack Ma: AI will cause people ‘more pain than happiness’.
GO Artificial intelligence and other technologies will cause people “more pain than happiness” over the next three decades, according to Jack Ma, the billionaire chairman and founder of Alibaba.
GO Air Force fighter jets scrambled after disturbance on American Airlines flight.
GO The US military on Friday scrambled two fighter jets to escort an American Airlines flight into Honolulu international airport after a disturbance involving a Turkish passenger aboard the plane was reported, officials said.
GO Israeli author David Grossman wins Man Booker International prize.
GO David Grossman’s “ambitious   act of a novel” A Horse Walks into a Bar, set around a standup comic’s rambling and confessional routine in an Israeli comedy club, has won the Man Booker International prize for the year’s best fiction in translation.
GO New South Korea leader Moon Jae-in willing to meet Kim in North.
GO South Korea’s new president, Moon   has said he would be willing to go to North Korea to meet the country’s dictator, Kim   if it meant bringing lasting peace to the Korean peninsula.
GO Washington state to challenge Trump travel ban as legal opposition mounts.
GO The state of Washington will become the second jurisdiction to challenge Donald Trump’s revised travel ban as the backlash against the president’s new order intensifies around the US.
GO Andy Murray crashes out of Aegon Championships to lucky loser Thompson.
GO Andy Murray looked some way removed from the greatest champion this tournament has ever had when the late substitute Jordan Thompson dumped the world No1 out of the Aegon Championships in the first round on another sweltering day of upsets, mishaps and drama.
GO Trump will not attend White House correspondents’ dinner.
GO Donald Trump on Saturday capped a week of tumultuous relations with the press by saying he will not attend this year’s White House correspondents’ dinner, which is scheduled for 29 April.
GO US ambassador to UN contradicts Trump’s position on two-state solution.
GO The US ambassador to the United Nations has insisted that Washington “absolutely” supported a   solution to the   conflict, 24 hours after Donald Trump dropped US commitment to the policy.
GO White House defends Trump Holocaust statement that didn’t mention Jews.
GO The White House has defended its omission of Jews and antisemitism from a statement remembering the Holocaust by saying that Donald Trump’s administration “took into account all of those who suffered”.
GO Marine Le Pen refuses to repay €300k of ’misspent’ EU funds.
GO Marine Le Pen, the leader of France’s   Front National, has refused a demand to repay nearly €300, 000 (£258, 000) of EU funds that a European parliament investigation alleged she misspent.
GO Shia LaBeouf’s Trump art project shut down one day after moving to Liverpool.
GO He Will Not Divide Us, Shia LaBeouf’s artistic protest against the Trump presidency, has been shut down again, just one day after moving to its latest location in Liverpool.
GO Donald Trump’s Aberdeenshire golf course set to host Scottish Open.
GO   Donald Trump’s relationship with golf is poised to remain in sharp focus, with the US president’s course on the outskirts of Aberdeen in the frame to host the 2019 Scottish Open.
GO Bill Murray to release classical music album.
GO Bill Murray has announced plans to release a classical album in the summer.
GO Sale of Cambodian breast milk to mothers in US criticised by UN.
GO The UN children’s fund has strongly criticised the sale by a commercial company of breast milk donated by Cambodian mothers to women in the US, warning it could lead to the babies of poor and vulnerable women becoming malnourished.
GO Australia’s rate of Indigenous child removal ’unique’, UN investigator says.
GO Australia’s Indigenous incarceration rates are among the worst in the developed world but it is in the increasing rates of child removal that Australia stands out as being particularly behind other nations, the UN special rapporteur on Indigenous rights has said.
GO Pregnant Serena Williams poses nude for Vanity Fair cover shoot.
GO Serena Williams and her pregnant belly are featured in a nude photo on the cover of the most recent issue of Vanity Fair, unveiled on Tuesday.
GO Anger in Asia over passenger forcibly removed from United Airlines flight.
GO Outrage over the violent removal of a passenger from a United Airlines flight swept across Asia on Wednesday, with Vietnamese internet users calling for a boycott of the company and China’s   media seizing on the episode as proof of the US’s hypocrisy over human rights.
GO Blowing in the wind: why do so many cities have poor east ends?.
GO The question is so obvious that you could easily forget to ask it: why do cities so often have a poor east side?
GO Hall of Fame first baseman Willie McCovey pardoned by Obama.
GO Hall of Fame first baseman Willie McCovey has been pardoned by Barack Obama for a    guilty plea to tax fraud.
GO Russian jet threatens U.S. reconnaissance aircraft.
GO     A Russian fighter jet flew dangerously close to a U. S. reconnaissance aircraft on Thursday in the latest military provocation by Moscow over the Baltic Sea, the U. S. European Command said Saturday.
GO Michigan couple faces jail time over lost Dr. Seuss library book.
GO     A Michigan judge told a couple Thursday they could get up to 93 days in jail and face a maximum $500 fine for failing to return a Dr. Seuss book and a novel borrowed from a public library.
GO Jab at Trump? McConnell ’optimistic’ about contested convention.
GO     Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, in an implicit jab at Republican primary   Donald Trump, said he is “increasingly optimistic” that voting at the Republican National Convention in July will go to a second ballot.
GO Arrest of ’anti-racism’ graffiti vandal sparks uproar at University of Wisconsin.
GO     The writing is on the wall when it comes to the University of Wisconsin’s stance on ” ” graffiti, but some students and faculty reportedly sided with the alleged vandal instead of the law.
GO Musicians, actors and celebrities react to news of Prince’s death.
GO Fellow musicians, performers and celebrities reacted on Twitter to Prince’s death Thursday with heartfelt condolences and personal memories of the music legend:   ”I was so shocked and heart broken to hear about the loss of my mentor, Prince.
GO Shooter or shooters likely at large after Ohio massacre, investigators say.
GO   One or more shooters are believed to be on the loose, ”armed and dangerous,” after a brutal string of shootings in four homes killed a total of eight family members in southern Ohio Friday, investigators said.
GO Three relatives of San Bernardino shooter arrested.
GO     Three relatives of the San Bernardino terrorists who killed 14 in December were arrested Thursday on federal conspiracy, marriage fraud and false statement charges, the FBI announced.
GO James Comey: FBI spent over $1 million to unlock San Bernardino attacker’s iPhone.
GO     The FBI paid a   third party over $1 million for technology that allowed the agency to unlock an iPhone 5C that belonged to San Bernardino gunman Syed Farook, according to a remark made by FBI director James Comey at a moderated discussion in London on Thursday.
GO Oakland Raiders owner willing to spend $500 million to move team to Vegas.
GO     Raiders owner Mark Davis says he wants to move the team to Las Vegas and is willing to spend a half billion dollars as part of a deal for a new stadium in the city.
GO Air bag inflator recall to grow by 35 million to 40 million.
GO Takata has agreed to recall another 35 million to 40 million air bag inflators, a stunning increase that will more than double what already is the largest automotive recall in American history.
GO Romanian hacker who claims he breached Clinton server says he spoke with FBI at length.
GO   The Romanian hacker who says he easily breached Hillary Clinton’s personal email server also claimed, in a series of interviews with Fox News, that he spoke with the FBI at length on the plane when extradited from Romania to Virginia last month.
GO Bush, Graham say they won’t back Trump.
GO Former 2016 presidential candidate Jeb Bush announced late Friday he will not support Donald Trump for president, joining South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham and other GOP figures giving the presumptive nominee the cold shoulder.
GO Trump: Won’t release tax returns before November, won’t take public financing.
GO     Donald Trump, in an extensive interview Tuesday, said he does not intend to release his tax returns before the November election    and ruled out accepting public money to finance his campaign for the White House.
GO Clues to Revolutionary War mystery unearthed on New Jersey hillside.
GO     On a gently sloping hillside studded with pine trees, clues to a Revolutionary War mystery are slowly being revealed, spurred by the dogged efforts of a local historian and his teenage son.
GO New email release shows Clinton chose not to use secure phone line, acknowledged Blackberry risk.
GO     A new set of State Department documents released Thursday by the watchdog group Judicial Watch reveal   of State Hillary Clinton made the choice not to use a secure phone line amid a technical problem and acknowledged the risk of using a private Blackberry phone.
GO Coast Guard searching for woman who fell off cruise ship in Gulf of Mexico.
GO     The U. S. Coast Guard is searching for a cruise ship passenger who may have gone overboard in the Gulf of Mexico Friday.
GO Nevada Democratic Convention becomes ’unruly and unpredictable’ amid rules disputes over delegates .
GO     The Nevada State Democratic Convention on Saturday night devolved into an “unruly and unpredictable” environment following several disputes over rules governing delegates for Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, leading to law enforcement officials being called to keep the peace.
GO Gingrich open to being Trump’s GOP running mate.
GO     Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said Sunday that he’s open to being running mate to Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee.
GO US Navy poised to take ownership of its most technologically sophisticated warship.
GO     The U. S. Navy is ready to take ownership of the Zumwalt, its largest and most technologically sophisticated destroyer.
GO California high court refuses to intervene in Native American girl’s move.
GO     The California Supreme Court on Wednesday refused to intervene in the case of a    girl with Native American ancestry who was removed from her Los   foster home and placed with relatives in Utah.
GO Trump delegate indicted on child porn, illegal weapons charges.
GO     A Maryland delegate for Donald Trump has been indicted on charges of child pornography and the illegal transport of explosives.
GO No additional enhancements to U.S. aviation security at this time, official says.
GO     No additional security enhancements have been made to U. S. aviation after the disappearance of EgyptAir flight 804 from Paris to Cairo Thursday, Fox News has learned, despite concerns about Paris’ Charles de Gaulle airport serving as a “last point of departure” for flights to the United States.
GO Cyprus court gets request to extradite man who admitted to hijacking EgyptAir plane in March.
GO     Cypriot prosecutors on Friday submitted to court the justice minister’s formal request to extradite to Egypt a man who admitted to hijacking an EgyptAir passenger jet with a fake suicide belt in March and diverting it to Cyprus.
GO Alan Young, star of 1960s sitcom ’Mr. Ed,’ dies at 96.
GO       Alan Young, who played the amiable straight man to a talking horse in the 1960s sitcom ”Mister Ed,” has died, a spokeswoman for the Motion Picture and Television Home said Friday.
GO Progressive blogger ’fired’ for Twitter attack on Clinton supporters Tanden, Center for American Progress.
GO     An    progressive blogger was purportedly fired Friday for his Twitter fight with one of the movement’s most power figures, Neera Tanden, president of the Center for American Progress.
GO Pentagon: No additional US troops needed to protect Baghdad in wake of deadly ISIS bombings.
GO     Despite a series of deadly bombings in Baghdad killing more than 200 people in the past week, a U. S. military spokesman in the Iraqi capital told reporters Wednesday that no additional U. S. troops are needed to bolster security and protect assets like the U. S. embassy.
GO New York man arrested for murder after seen wheeling dead wife onto lawn.
GO     Authorities in New York arrested a man Saturday who allegedly was seen wheeling a woman’s dead body on a dolly and leaving it on the front lawn of a home.
GO Republican lawmakers worry about running on Trump’s coattails.
GO BALTIMORE   The prospect of running for   with Donald Trump at the top of the Republican ticket was worrying some party lawmakers as they huddled for an annual retreat, where a few forecast trouble if Trump becomes the party’s presidential nominee.
GO Islamic State kills dozens in Syria’s Deir al-Zor city.
GO BEIRUT   Islamic state militants killed dozens of people execution style in attacks on   areas in Syria’s city of Deir   on Saturday, a source and a monitoring said.
GO Oil slumps below $28 to 2003 low as Iran sanctions lifted.
GO Responding to Tehran’s compliance with a nuclear deal, the United States and major powers revoked international sanctions that had cut Iran’s oil exports by about 2 million barrels per day (bpd) since their   2011 peak to little more than 1 million bpd.
GO What to expect when you’re expecting two feet of snow.
GO The storm, which is expected to pound the   states on Friday and Saturday, has    asking a simple, yet vital, question: What do you do if you go into labor and there are two feet of snow on the ground?
GO How to create the Super Bowl experience.
GO NFL Senior Vice President of Events Peter O’Reilly on what it takes to plan and pull off a successful Super Bowl and other large gatherings for the league.
GO Allergan to buy fat-fighter Zeltiq Aesthetics for $2.48 billion.
GO Allergan said it would benefit from the   opportunities for consumers of Zeltiq’s CoolSculpting System, which uses cooling to kill fat cells, as well as customers of its own facial injectible products.
GO Chuck E. Cheese hires banks to run sale process, IPO: sources.
GO Irving,   Chuck E. Cheese’s private equity owner, Apollo Global Management LLC ( ) has hired Deutsche Bank AG ( ) and Credit Suisse Group AG ( ) to solicit acquisition bids for the company, the sources said this week.
GO Integra to buy J&J’s Codman neurosurgery business for $1.05 billion.
GO Integra, which makes products used in neurosurgery, reconstruction, wound and dental care, made a ”binding offer” for the Codman business, which will bolster its pipeline of offerings for tissue ablation, spinal cord repair and cranial stabilization.
GO McCarthy: ’We’ll Have The Votes’ When We Bring Obamacare Repeal To Floor.
GO House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) said on Thursday that Republicans will ”have the votes” to pass their bill repealing and replacing Obamacare when they bring the legislation to the House floor.
GO Trump: TrumpCare Failed Because Of Democrats!.
GO President Donald Trump said Friday that the failure of the House GOP’s   Obamacare repeal bill, which he himself backed “100 percent,” was the fault of Democrats.
GO Pro-Trump Sites Take Aim At Ryan As Obamacare Repeal Bill Hangs In Balance.
GO Defenders of President Donald Trump were taking aim at House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) in the hours before Republicans were scheduled to vote Friday on their troubled Obamacare repeal bill.
GO Biden: I Regret Not Being President Right Now.
GO Former Vice President Joe Biden admitted during a talk at a university Friday night that he regrets not ”being president” and said he believes that he may be president right now if he would have run.
GO WATCH NOW: Lindsey Graham Faces Town Hall Crowd.
GO Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) faces a tough town hall crowd in his home state Saturday at 12:30 p. m.   Watch live below:
GO Tom Cotton: GOP ’Moved A Bit Too Fast’ On Repeal, Compared To Dems On ACA.
GO Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) on Sunday said that the House ”moved a bit too fast” on its bill to repeal and replace Obamacare, which he compared unfavorably to the process Democrats used to pass the original health care legislation in 2010.
GO Reports: Trump Aide Boris Epshteyn To Leave White House Position.
GO Boris Epshteyn, special assistant to President Donald Trump and assistant communications director for surrogate operations, is expected to leave his job in the White House, according to several reports.
GO AP: HB2 Set To Cost North Carolina More Than $3 Billion In Lost Business.
GO About a year after North Carolina Republicans passed the   law known as HB2, the Associated Press has calculated that the law will cost the state $3.
GO WATCH LIVE: Sean Spicer Gives Daily Press Briefing At 1:30 PM ET.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer is scheduled to give his daily press briefing at 1:30 p. m. ET on Monday.
GO Paul Ryan To Donors: GOP Plans To ’Keep Getting At’ Health Care Overhaul.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) on Monday told donors that Republicans plan to keep working on an overhaul of health care policy in the wake of their failed bill to repeal and replace Obamacare.
GO First Republican Lawmaker Says Nunes Must Recuse Himself From Russia Probe.
GO Rep. Walter Jones ( ) on Tuesday became the first Republican lawmaker to unequivocally call for House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes ( ) to recuse himself from investigating Russia’s interference in the presidential election.
GO Donald Trump Lashes Out At The New York Times Yet Again.
GO On Wednesday morning, President Donald Trump sent yet another flurry of defensive tweets, this time bashing the New York Times.
GO NYT: 2 WH Officials Helped Provide Nunes With Reports On Trump Team Intercepts.
GO Two White House officials helped provide House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes ( ) with intelligence reports that purportedly showed President Donald Trump and his transition officials were incidentally caught up in surveillance of foreign nationals, the New York Times reported Thursday.
GO Ex-Trump Adviser: Allegations Against Me Are ’Just Literally Completely False’.
GO Carter Page, who advised President Donald Trump’s campaign on foreign policy, said on Thursday that allegations he collaborated with Russia to influence the 2016 election are ”just literally completely false in every way, shape and form.” ”I think it’s about dirty politics,” Page told Fox News’ Catherine Herridge.
GO Ryan: We’re Not Dropping O’Care Lawsuit, But Subsidies Will Continue.
GO Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) on Thursday signaled that Republicans have no intention of dropping an   lawsuit that could cripple the individual health insurance market, but he confirmed that the subsidies to insurers at the heart of the legal challenge would continue while the lawsuit proceeds.
GO Spicer Points To Ex-Obama Official To Suggest Conspiracy Against Trump.
GO Four weeks after a TV appearance by a former Obama administration official, White House press secretary Sean Spicer has singled out the interview as evidence of an Obama administration conspiracy to undermine President Donald Trump’s new administration with damaging leaks.
GO Earnest: Obama Is ’Genuinely Concerned’ About ’Movement’ Of Washington (VIDEO).
GO Former White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told MSNBC Friday that former President Obama is “genuinely concerned” about how things are going in Washington, D. C. Earnest noted that Obama is busy writing a book and keeping a low profile, as former Presidents often do as their successors take office.
GO Trump Admin. Won’t Disclose How Many U.S. Troops Are In Iraq And Syria.
GO The Trump administration has ceased disclosing to the public when U. S. troops are deployed on the ground in Iraq and Syria, according to the Los Angeles Times.
GO Nikki Haley: ’No Question’ That Russia ’Was Involved’ In 2016 Election.
GO Nikki Haley, the U. S. ambassador to the United Nations, on Sunday said that there is ”no question” Russia interfered with the 2016 election.
GO Freedom Caucus Member: Trump’s Tweets Blaming Us ’Don’t Change Facts’.
GO Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) a member of the House Freedom Caucus who President Donald Trump went after by name, on Sunday brushed off Trump’s ”tweets and statements and blame” as immaterial compared to ”facts.” ”Tweets and statements and blame don’t change facts.
GO Spicer: Report That Rice Requested Unmasking Shows ’Troubling Direction’.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday said reports that former National Security Adviser Susan Rice requested the unmasking of U. S. persons are indicative of a ”troubling direction” in the probe into President Donald Trump’s claims that his transition officials were subjected to surveillance.
GO What You Need To Know About The Latest Push To Revive Obamacare Repeal.
GO Additional reporting by Alice Ollstein, If Republicans are praying for an Easter miracle to revive their Obamacare    gambit, they may need to pray a little harder.
GO Susan Rice: ‘I Leaked Nothing To Nobody And Never Have And Never Would’.
GO Former Obama national security adviser Susan Rice said Tuesday that she never leaked classified information to the press, and that she did not make any requests to unmask the identities of U. S. persons in intelligence reports for political purposes.
GO Ivanka Trump To Critics: ‘I Don’t Know What It Means To Be Complicit’ (VIDEO).
GO White House staffer Ivanka Trump responded to critics Tuesday by saying she did not know what they meant when they said she was “complicit” in her father’s presidency.
GO Like Obama, Trump Was Against Military Intervention In Syria In 2013.
GO Despite blaming the Obama administration for Tuesday s suspected gas attack in Syria, President Donald Trump, like   Barack Obama, was against using military force in Syria back in 2013.
GO Steve Bannon Removed From Position On National Security Council.
GO Chief White House Strategist Steve Bannon has been removed from his position on the National Security Council, Bloomberg reported Wednesday.
GO Flynn’s Son Lashes Out At Trump Adviser Who Replaced His Dad: ’Is WH Serious?’.
GO Michael G. Flynn, the son of President Donald Trump’s ousted national security adviser, lashed out on Wednesday at his father’s replacement, who he suggested was not as ”loyal” to the President.
GO Pence: Steve Bannon’s Removal From NSC Position Isn’t A Demotion.
GO Vice President Mike Pence said in an interview Wednesday that White House chief strategist Steve Bannon is a ”very highly valued” staffer whose removal from the National Security Council was not a demotion.
GO Trump, Without Evidence, Says He Thinks Susan Rice Committed A Crime.
GO President Donald Trump said in an interview Wednesday that he believes former national security adviser Susan Rice committed a crime by reportedly requesting the names of his transition staffers who were swept up in foreign surveillance, without providing evidence for that bold claim.
GO Russian Spy, Whose Associate Met With Page, Deported After Prison Term.
GO A Russian spy whose associates tried to recruit a   foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump was deported on Wednesday following a prison term.
GO Paul Ryan: We Have ‘Weeks’ To Keep Working On Health Care.
GO House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) said that the difficulty Republicans have had in passing an Obamacare repeal bill would not deter them, arguing that the House GOP has “weeks” to continue to work on the bill.
GO Trump Claims Cummings Said He’d Be ’One Of The Great Presidents’ In History.
GO During an interview with the New York Times on Wednesday, President Donald Trump made an unbelievable claim that Rep. Elijah Cummings ( ) told him that he would be one of the greatest presidents in history.
GO Trump May Try To Package Infrastructure Bill With Health Care Or Tax Cuts.
GO President Donald Trump is considering packaging an infrastructure plan with another major policy overhaul like health care or taxes in order to garner bipartisan support.
GO NRA Employee Accidentally Shoots Himself At Association Headquarters.
GO A National Rifle Association employee accidentally shot himself Thursday when his pistol discharged during a firearms training, police told NBC News 4 on Friday.
GO Ernst: No Evidence Yet That Russia Was Involved With Gas Attack.
GO Sen. Jodi Ernst ( ) said Friday that the Pentagon had so far found no evidence that Russia was involved in the suspected poison gas attack in Syria Tuesday that resulted in the deaths of dozens of civilians.
GO Tillerson: I’ve Had ’No Conversation’ About Mexico Paying For Border Wall.
GO Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Sunday said that he has ”had no conversation” with Mexico’s foreign minister about President Donald Trump’s insistence that Mexico will pay for his proposed border wall.
GO Haley: ’We Think’ Regime Change Is Likely To Happen In Syria.
GO U. S. Ambassador Nikki Haley on Sunday said that ”regime change is something that” President Donald Trump’s administration thinks will take place in Syria, days after Trump approved a military strike against a Syrian air field.
GO Trump Pre-Fails His Tax Plan.
GO According to the AP, President Trump is ditching his tax plan and starting the search for a tax plan he can pass.
GO Social Security Advocates Sound The Alarm About The Latest Trump Tax Plan.
GO Following reports that President Donald Trump is dumping the tax plan he campaigned on and exploring a host of other options, advocates for Social Security are sounding the alarm, pointing to a proposal to eliminate the program’s primary source of funding: payroll taxes.
GO Federal Court Finds Discriminatory Intent In Texas Voter ID Case.
GO A federal court in Texas Monday found that the state’s voter ID law was passed in 2011 with the intent to discriminate against minority voters.
GO Hatch: Sorry, Romney, Trump Is ’All Over Me’ To Run For Reelection In 2018.
GO Sen. Orrin Hatch ( ) on Monday said that he plans to run for another term and has President Donald Trump’s support in doing so, though Hatch previously said that he would consider retiring if Mitt Romney ran for his seat.
GO GOP Rep. Met With Jeers At California Town Hall: ’Do Your Job’.
GO Back home in his California district for a   House recess, Rep. Tom McClintock ( ) faced boos and tough questions at a town hall on Saturday.
GO Anne Frank Center Calls On Trump To ’Fire Sean Spicer Now’.
GO The Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect on Tuesday called for President Donald Trump to fire White House press secretary Sean Spicer ”at once” for his comments about Adolf Hitler and chemical weapons.
GO North Carolina House Bill Would Redefine Marriage As Only Heterosexual.
GO Three Republicans in North Carolina’s House of Representatives have introduced a bill to reverse the Supreme Court’s marriage equality ruling in the state.
GO Pelosi: ’Sean Spicer Must Be Fired’.
GO Following White House press secretary Sean Spicer s comparison of Syrian President Bashar Assad and German Chancellor Adolf Hitler, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) called for Spicer to be fired.
GO Poll: Sanders Is Most Popular Senator Among Constituents; McConnell Is Least.
GO Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) is the most popular senator among his constituents in the country, according to a poll released Tuesday.
GO Spicer: ’Troubling’ Response By United Airlines To Passenger Dragged Off Flight.
GO White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that United Airlines had a ”troubling” response after a video went viral on Monday showing police officers dragging a passenger from an overbooked flight.
GO Trump Records Robocall As GOP Pushes To Hold Onto House Seat In Kansas.
GO Republicans are making a   effort to maintain the House seat in Kansas vacated by CIA Director Mike Pompeo, with President Donald Trump recording a robocall for the Republican candidate, state treasurer Ron Estes.
GO Trump Toys With Sabotaging Obamacare To Bring Dems To The Table On Repealing It.
GO President Trump suggested to the Wall Street Journal Wednesday that he would withhold from insurers Obamacare subsidy payments that are the target of a House GOP lawsuit in order to force Democrats into negotiations over repealing the Affordable Care Act, a move that could bring chaos to the individual health insurance market.
GO Trump: ’It’s Not Too Late’ To Boot FBI Director Comey (VIDEO).
GO President Donald Trump believes ”it’s not too late” to ask for James Comey’s resignation, but he indicated during a Tuesday interview on Fox Business Network that he doesn’t currently have plans to dismiss the FBI director.
GO Carter Page Refuses To Disclose Who Brought Him Onto Trump Campaign.
GO A former foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump’s campaign whose communications reportedly were monitored by the FBI over suspicions he was acting as an agent of a foreign power refused to disclose who brought him onto the team in a Wednesday interview.
GO Trump’s CIA Director: Wikileaks Is A ’Hostile Intelligence Service’.
GO CIA Director Mike Pompeo on Thursday said that Wikileaks is “a   hostile intelligence service,” though on the campaign trail President Donald Trump praised the organization for publishing information undercutting Hillary Clinton.
GO McFarland: ’There Are Changes Coming’ To National Security Council.
GO K. T. McFarland, President Donald Trump’s deputy national security adviser, on Sunday said ”there are changes coming” to the National Security Council.
GO DHS Chief: North Korea More Likely To Be A ’Cyber Threat’ Than A ’Kinetic’ One.
GO Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly on Sunday said that North Korea is more likely to present a ”cyber threat” than a ”kinetic” one.
GO Trump Administration Won’t Make White House Visitor Logs Public.
GO President Donald Trump will not make White House visitor logs available to the public while he is in office, breaking from precedent set by his predecessor Barack Obama.
GO Trump officials oppose funding museum for victims of Tuskegee syphilis study.
GO The Trump administration is opposing an attempt to use unclaimed money from a legal settlement over the government’s infamous Tuskegee syphilis study to fund a museum honoring its victims.
GO Al Gore: battle against climate change is like fight against slavery.
GO The fight against global warming is one of humanity’s great moral movements, alongside the abolition of slavery, the defeat of apartheid, votes for women and gay rights, according to the former US   and climate campaigner, Al Gore.
GO No mechanical issues in plane crash that killed judge in Brazil corruption scandal.
GO The plane crash that killed the supreme court justice at the centre of Brazil’s biggest corruption scandal was not caused by mechanical problems, according to a preliminary analysis of flight recordings that will further fuel already intense speculation over the cause of the incident.
GO Tom Hanks sends espresso machine to help White House press fight for truth.
GO Tom Hanks has delivered an espresso machine to the White House press corps to provide a caffeinated boost to their efforts in the “good fight for truth”.
GO 36 Isis militants killed in US ’mother of all bombs’ attack, Afghan ministry says.
GO   Up to 36 suspected Islamic State militants were killed in Afghanistan when the US dropped the largest   bomb ever used in combat, the Afghan defence ministry said on Friday.
GO WhatsApp design feature means some encrypted messages could be read by third party.
GO A design feature that could potentially allow some encrypted messages to reach unintended recipients is present within the WhatsApp messaging service.
GO Protesting Trump’s immigration policy? You might be accidentally helping him.
GO An awkward question has begun to nag opponents of Donald Trump’s immigration policies: is the resistance inadvertently helping the administration?
GO Eugenie Bouchard edges out Maria Sharapova in thrilling grudge match.
GO Eugenie Bouchard produced a brilliant fighting display to win her grudge match against Maria Sharapova at the Madrid Open.
GO White House official refuses to say if Donald Trump supports Michael Flynn.
GO A senior White House official has refused to say if Donald Trump supports his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, who reportedly spoke with Russia’s ambassador about sanctions relief weeks before the new president took office.
GO ’Never anything as yucky as this’: man throws cup of bedbugs in Maine office.
GO The municipal office building in the city of Augusta, Maine, had to be sprayed for bedbugs after a man threw a cup of the pests on to an office counter and about 100 of them scattered off.
GO US service member killed in blast near Mosul, coalition says.
GO A US service member died of wounds sustained from an explosion outside the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Saturday, the   military coalition said.
GO Jared Kushner cleared for Trump job, breaking with decades of legal advice.
GO The justice department has cleared Donald Trump’s    Jared Kushner, to serve in the White House, with an opinion that upends four decades of legal advice regarding a federal law against nepotism.
GO Georgia bill would allow ’scarlet letter’ marking of non-citizen driver’s licenses.
GO Georgia lawmakers are advancing a bill that would allow the state to add “ ” to the driver’s licenses of legal residents and green card holders living in the state.
GO Exorcist author William Peter Blatty dies aged 89.
GO William Peter Blatty, author of the novel The Exorcist and writer of its film adapation, has died aged 89.
GO Motorway bridge collapse in Italy kills couple.
GO An Italian couple have been killed after a motorway bridge collapsed on top of their car, in Italy’s second such tragedy in just over four months.
GO Northern Ireland power-sharing talks break down.
GO Talks aimed at restoring Northern Ireland’s   government have broken down after Sinn Féin said that the party would not be nominating Michelle O’Neill, its leader in Northern Ireland, for the post of deputy first minister.
GO Just one in five Americans obtains gun without background check, survey finds.
GO The share of Americans who obtained a gun without first undergoing a background check is dramatically lower than previous estimates, researchers at Harvard and Northeastern universities have determined.
GO Influx of refugees leaves Belgrade at risk of becoming ’new Calais’.
GO A freezing and squalid Belgrade railway depot where up to 2, 000 people are seeking shelter from the bitter Serbian winter risks becoming a “new Calais” for refugees and migrants abandoned by European authorities, the humanitarian group Médecins Sans Frontières has warned.
GO French politician left unconscious while out campaigning.
GO A French politician and candidate in this Sunday’s parliamentary elections was left unconscious after an altercation with a protester while out campaigning.
GO Suspect in Pennsylvania trooper’s death killed after threats to police, officials say.
GO The suspect in the fatal shooting of a   Pennsylvania trooper was shot and killed after making threats to police who located him on Saturday morning, authorities said.
GO Australian children’s author Mem Fox detained by US border control: ’I sobbed like a baby’.
GO The Australian children’s book author Mem Fox has suggested she might never return to the US after she was detained and insulted by border control agents at Los Angeles airport.
GO South China Sea: US reports ’unsafe encounter’ with Chinese military aircraft.
GO A Chinese military aircraft had an “unsafe” encounter with a US navy surveillance aircraft near a contested reef in the South China Sea, according to the US Pacific command.
GO Senior law enforcement officials urge Trump to scrap ’ineffective’ crime plan.
GO Dozens of senior law enforcement officials have urged Donald Trump to abandon his draconian crackdown on crime and to instead revive efforts to reform the criminal justice system.
GO Texas adoption agencies could reject Jewish, Muslim, gay or single parents.
GO Parents seeking to adopt children in Texas could be rejected by   or private agencies with religious objections to them being Jewish, Muslim, gay, single, or interfaith couples, under a proposal in the   state legislature.
GO US border agents ask Muhammad Ali’s son: ’Are you a Muslim?’.
GO Border agents detained and questioned the son of the boxing legend Muhammad Ali about his religion when he flew back to the US this month, a family lawyer said.
GO Joseph Wapner, judge who presided over The People’s Court, dies at 97.
GO A family member said on Sunday Joseph Wapner, who presided over The People’s Court with steady force during the heyday of the reality courtroom show, has died.
GO Six dead and 15 missing after tourist boat sinks in Colombia.
GO At least six people have died and 15 people are missing after a tourist boat carrying about 150 people sank in a reservoir in   Colombia, near the city of Medellín.
GO Canada may contribute to Dutch-led international abortion fund.
GO Canada is considering contributing to a   international fund to support abortion services in developing countries, set up in response to Donald Trump’s order to halt financing of NGOs that support the practice.
GO Just in time for Valentine’s Day: my failed proposal to get my girlfriend back.
GO Search “proposal fails” on Google and you get thousands of results with headlines like “10 Marriage Proposal FAILS” and “Top 10 rejected proposal of all time”.
GO National Park Service climate change Twitter campaign spreads to other parks.
GO The National Park Service employees’ Twitter campaign against Donald Trump spread to other parks on Wednesday, with tweets on climate change and a reminder that Japanese Americans were forcibly interned in camps and parks during the second world war.
GO Starbucks and Walmart join growing list of advertisers boycotting YouTube.
GO PepsiCo, Walmart and Starbucks on Friday confirmed that they have suspended their advertising on YouTube, joining a growing boycott in a sign that big companies doubt Google’s ability to prevent marketing campaigns from appearing alongside repugnant videos.
GO Cubs president Theo Epstein named world’s greatest leader ahead of Pope.
GO Theo Epstein, the Chicago Cubs’ president of baseball operations, has been named the world’s greatest leader by Fortune magazine.
GO Trump’s Mar-a-Lago club cited for serious food safety violations.
GO    Donald Trump’s exclusive Palm Beach country club where the US president has an increasing fondness for entertaining world leaders with dinner and diplomacy, has been cited for a number of serious food safety violations by Florida’s restaurant inspectors.
GO Jennifer Holliday cancels inauguration appearance: ’I had a lapse of judgement’.
GO Singer Jennifer Holliday on Saturday cancelled her appearance at Donald Trump’s inauguration, one day after his team announced she would be one of the few celebrities to perform at the event.
GO Ex-NFL player Todd Heap was driving truck that hit and killed daughter, three.
GO Condolences poured in for retired NFL player Todd Heap and his family on Saturday, a day after police say the former Pro Bowl tight end accidentally ran over his    daughter with a truck, killing her.
GO Beloved hippopotamus ’Gustavito’ beaten to death at El Salvador zoo.
GO El Salvador’s rampant violence has reached an unsuspected corner with the brutal and fatal beating of the national zoo’s beloved hippopotamus Gustavito.
GO How Trump’s Russia meeting spurred a crisis at the White House.
GO Donald Trump’s entanglements with Russia date back to the 1980s but the immediate origins of the latest White House crisis lie in a trip secretary of state Rex Tillerson made just over a month ago to Moscow.
GO Trump travel ban: federal appeals court hears arguments in crucial next stage.
GO The crucial next stage in the legal battle over Donald Trump’s attempt to ban entry to the US from several   countries will begin on Monday, when a federal appeals court in Virginia will hear arguments in the case.
GO Luis Enrique announces he will leave Barcelona at end of season.
GO Luis Enrique announced he will stand down as Barcelona manager at the end of the season having watched his side go top of La Liga after thrashing hometown club Sporting Gijón   on Wednesday night.
GO Ecuador election: Moreno facing runoff as 40% vote looks out of reach.
GO A runoff vote appears likely in Ecuador’s presidential election with Lenín Moreno appearing to fall just short of the 40% required for outright victory over his rightwing rival Guillermo Lasso.
GO Laquan McDonald shooting: three officers indicted over alleged cover-up.
GO Three Chicago police officers have been indicted on felony charges that they conspired to cover up the actions of a white police officer who shot and killed    Laquan McDonald in October 2014.
GO Trump’s lawyer denies key Comey claims and attacks ex-FBI chief over leak.
GO Donald Trump’s lawyer flatly denied two of the key claims made by James Comey on Thursday and attacked the fired FBI chief over his admission he had leaked a story to the press.
GO Wife and stepson charged in murder of Ku Klux Klan leader in Missouri.
GO The wife and stepson of a Ku Klux Klan leader found fatally shot next to a river in eastern Missouri were charged in his death Monday.
GO Millions of premature births could be linked to air pollution, study finds.
GO Air pollution could be a contributing factor in millions of premature births around the world each year, a new report has found.
GO Princess Charlotte photo released to mark her second birthday.
GO The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have released a photograph of Princess Charlotte playing outside ahead of her second birthday.
GO Cardinal George Pell: Vatican official charged with multiple sexual offences.
GO Cardinal George Pell, Australia’s most senior Catholic and the   official in the Vatican, has been charged with multiple sexual offences by police.
GO Gloria Steinem: Trump has galvanised more activists than the Vietnam war.
GO The presidency of Donald Trump has galvanised more political activists in the US today than the Vietnam war, according to Gloria Steinem.
GO If you saw a nanny in this BBC interview, what does that say about you?.
GO Last week’s BBC News interview with Professor Robert Kelly where his two small children burst into the room while he was live on air has now been viewed hundreds of millions of times.
GO Indian minister condemns ’deplorable’ race riots targeting African students.
GO India’s foreign affairs minister has condemned “deplorable” race riots targeting African students near Delhi this week that put two men in hospital and led to seven arrests.
GO New Puerto Rico governor signs fiscal emergency law.
GO Governor Ricardo Rossello, sworn in this month, signed the Puerto Rico Financial Emergency and Fiscal Responsibility Law, replacing a moratorium on debt payments by   Alejandro Garcia Padilla that had been unpopular with many bondholders.
GO Warren Buffett: I bought $12 billion of stock after Trump won.
GO Buffett revealed that he has bought $12 billion of stock for his company Berkshire Hathaway Inc ( ) since the Republican Donald Trump beat Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 U. S. presidential election.
GO 1,700 residents of Flint, Michigan sue EPA over water crisis.
GO The lawsuit, filed in U. S. District Court in Michigan on Monday, asserted that the EPA failed to warn them of the dangers of the toxic water or take steps to ensure that state and local authorities were addressing the crisis.
GO Four hostages taken, two released at Delaware prison.
GO One of the released hostages, an officer, was taken to a hospital with   threatening injuries, Delaware State Police spokesman Sergeant Richard Bartz told reporters.
GO Remote control: Companies blur lines over who owns devices.
GO Industry executives and analysts say companies are exerting greater remote control over their devices   changing how and whether they work, removing or adding software and content, or collecting personal data from them   not always with permission or with the user’s best interests at heart.
GO Washington Post: Paul Ryan Allies ’Alarmed, Angered’ by 25-Year-Old Julia Hahn - Breitbart.
GO The latest addition to Donald Trump’s team of advisers,    Breitbart reporter Julia Hahn, may strike fear in the hearts of House Speaker Paul Ryan and his allies, according to a story by Robert Costa in the Washington Post.
GO Pelosi: In 2018 GOP Will Be Held Accountable for ’Terrible’ Vote on Obamacare Repeal - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on CNN’s “Anderson Cooper 360,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) said in the 2018 midterm elections, Republican House members will be held accountable for their “terrible” vote on the proposed House Republican health care legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare.
GO DOJ: Drug Overdose Now Leading Cause of Death for Americans Under 50 - Breitbart.
GO Drug overdose is now the leading cause of death for Americans under the age of 50, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said Tuesday morning.
GO Study: 1 in 5 Illegal Aliens Live in NYC, LA.
GO A new study shows that nearly 20 percent of illegal aliens in the U. S. live in the metropolitan areas of New York and Los Angeles.
GO Lizz Winstead: ’My Fear’ Is Being Punished for Speaking Out on Trump - Breitbart.
GO Saturday, comedienne Lizz Winstead said on MSNBC’s “AM Joy” that she fears “being punished” with perhaps jail time for speaking out on any hypocrisy of Donald Trump during his time as president.
GO Jackson Lee: Obama Admin Was ’Scandal-Free’ - Breitbart.
GO Representative Sheila Jackson Lee ( ) argued that President Obama’s administration was “   …    in terms of the president,” on Friday’s “MSNBC Live.
GO NBA’s Steve Nash: Trump Lacks ’Credentials’ to be President - Breitbart.
GO NBA    Steve Nash, recalls that President Donald Trump “was a nice enough guy” when he met him in 2007.
GO George Soros: Trump Is a ‘Would-Be Dictator’ Who ‘Is Going to Fail’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday in Davos, Switzerland, at the the World Economic Forum speaking with Bloomberg’s Francine Lacqua, Soros Fund Management Chairman George Soros said   Donald Trump is “an imposter and con man and   dictator.
GO Donald Trump Jokes He is ’Upset’ that Jared Kushner Is ’More Famous Than Me’ - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump joked that his senior advisor Jared Kushner had become “more famous than me,” hinting that the recent news about his connections to Russia had become a media obsession.
GO Report: Social Media Is Politicizing the Military - Breitbart.
GO Social networks such as Facebook and Twitter are politicizing the United States military like never before, according to a report by Politico.
GO Exclusive--Father of Benghazi Fallen Hero: ’Perhaps Susan Rice Should Take a Lie Detector Test’.
GO The father of CIA contract security officer Tyrone Woods, one of the four Americans killed in the Sept. 11, 2012 attacks on American facilities in Benghazi, Libya, told Breitbart News that former national security adviser Susan Rice should answer questions about her handling of intelligence reports while being wired to a lie detector.
GO Rubio: Any of the 16 Republicans Who Ran For President Would Have Nominated Gorsuch - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on Miami WBFS’s “Facing South Florida,” Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said any of the 16 Republicans who ran for president in 2016 would have nominated Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme court vacancy left by Antonin Scalia.
GO Police: Man Posed as Wife on Facebook to Cover Up Her Killing.
GO A man is accused of strangling his wife, then posing as her on her social media account to cover up her death, police said.
GO Brother of Seth Rich Asks Hannity Not to Spread ’Conspiracy Theories’ - Breitbart.
GO The brother of murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich has written a letter to Sean Hannity’s producer asking the show not to host internet entrepreneur Kim DotCom, who released a statement on Tuesday alleging contact between Rich and Wikileaks.
GO Joy Behar: Trump Doesn’t Care About His Grandchildren - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on ABC’s “The View,” while discussing the climate change with Sen. Al Franken ( )   Joy Behar said President Donald Trump doesn’t care about his grandchildren.
GO Graham on Sessions: ‘Those Who Call for His Resignation, They Are Crazy’ - Breitbart.
GO Thursday, Senator Lindsey Graham ( ) said those calling for Attorney General Jeff Sessions to resign over allegations he met with Russian officials from a Washington Post story published late Wednesday night are “crazy.
GO L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti Proposes Monorail to San Fernando Valley - Breitbart.
GO Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti has proposed building a monorail along the Interstate 405 to connect the San Fernando Valley with West Los Angeles on Tuesday, relieving traffic on one of the world’s busiest and most congested roads.
GO VIDEO: 1000+ Migrants Attempt to Break Into Spanish Territory.
GO Footage has emerged of the “extremely violent and organised” attempt by over one thousand   African migrants to break into Spain’s North African territory of Ceuta on Sunday.
GO Only 14 Per Cent of ’Everyday Crimes’ Solved in Sweden.
GO A damning new report has revealed Swedish police are facing difficulties solving even simple crimes and only 14 per cent of everyday crimes are solved.
GO Scarborough: If There are Articles of Impeachment Against Trump, the First Will Be ’Obstruction of Justice’ - Breitbart.
GO On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   and former Republican Congressman Joe Scarborough stated, “if there are articles of impeachment ever drawn up, the first article of impeachment drawn up against Donald Trump will be the first article of impeachment drawn up against Richard Nixon, and that is obstruction of justice.
GO U of Michigan Professor Claims that the English Language Is ’Sexist’ - Breitbart.
GO In a lecture at Iowa State University, University of Michigan Professor Anne Curzan argued that the English language is “sexist.
GO Maxine Waters: Sessions’ Russia Connections Will Lead To Trump Impeachment - Breitbart.
GO Thursday on MSNBC while discussing allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions met with Russian officials as reported by The Washington Post late Wednesday night, Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) said an investigation into the Trump administration’s connections with Russia “will lead to impeachment of the president.
GO Big Sean Raps About Murdering Donald Trump on New York Radio.
GO Detroit rapper Big Sean delivered a lengthy freestyle rap performance Thursday on New York radio station Hot 97 and rapped about murdering President Donald Trump.
GO Aaron Sorkin Goes Off on Trump in WGA Awards Acceptance Speech.
GO Screenwriter Aaron Sorkin slammed President Donald Trump as “out of touch,” defended the establishment media, and denounced climate change deniers Sunday in a   acceptance speech at the Writer’s Guild of America Awards.
GO Bin Laden Linked Terror Suspect Stays in UK.
GO An Algerian who entered the UK illegally will be allowed to stay in the country, despite being a terror suspect with alleged links to Osama Bin Laden, because his fight against deportation damaged his “mental health”.
GO Facebook’s Zuckerberg: Fight Against Nationalism ‘Struggle of our Time’ - Breitbart.
GO Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg choked up while speaking about an illegal immigrant “DREAMer” during his Harvard commencement speech and declared that the fight against the forces of nationalism “is the struggle of our time.
GO PragerU: Dave Rubin Explains Why He Left the Political Left - Breitbart.
GO Dave Rubin, of The Rubin Report, explained his move away from the American political left in a recent video for Prager University.
GO Mother’s Day: Director Joss Whedon Grateful for His Mom Being Dead.
GO Director Joss Whedon shared a heartwarming message on his Twitter account Sunday in honor of Mother’s Day, the day when sons and daughters across the United States celebrate, remember, and express gratitude for the sacrifices that all mothers make to care for their children on a daily basis.
GO BREAKING: Cartel Gunmen Fire at Border Patrol Agent in Arizona.
GO Unknown cartel gunmen operating in a known drug smuggling corridor in Southern Arizona fired multiple shots at an   U. S. Border Patrol agent overnight.
GO Terror: Paris to Build Eight-Foot Bulletproof Wall Around Eiffel Tower.
GO Paris City Hall announced Thursday an   tall bulletproof glass wall will shield the iconic   Eiffel Tower from terrorist threats.
GO Susan Rice: I Didn’t Do Anything ‘Untoward’ With Intelligence - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on CNN’s “Fareed Zakaria GPS,” while discussing the controversy over the unmasking of Trump campaign personnel, President Barack Obama’s former national security adviser Susan Rice said she didn’t do anything “untoward” with intelligence on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
GO Scarborough: Trump’s First Month Makes it Harder to Call Him ’Mr President’ - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on CBS’ “The Late Show,” MSNBC’s “Morning Joe”   Joe Scarborough said President Donald Trump’s first month in office has made it harder to call him “Mr.
GO Hundreds of Israelis Temporarily Stranded on Jordanian Border Due to Computer Malfunction - Breitbart.
GO Ynetnews reports: Hundreds of Israelis have been stranded on the Jordanian side of the Yitzhak Rabin border terminal due to a local computer malfunction since the early hours of Thursday morning.
GO New York Times Columnist: Forget Immigration Bans Gun Control Would Make Us Safer.
GO On Monday morning, the day after armed attackers struck a mosque in stringently   Quebec, New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman told CNN’s Chris Cuomo that President Trump should forget the immigration suspension and pass gun control if he really wants to keep Americans safe.
GO Report: Evergreen Protesters Roaming Campus with Baseball Bats - Breitbart.
GO Protesters at Evergreen State College are reportedly roaming campus with baseball bats, according to photos and videos circulating on social media.
GO White House Looking for Press Secretary to Replace Sean Spicer at Podium - Breitbart.
GO `Senior White House aides and press secretary Sean Spicer are searching for a new face at the White House podium, according to several reports.
GO Judge Curiel Gives OK to Trump University Lawsuit Settlement - Breitbart.
GO U. S. Judge Gonzalo Curiel of the Southern District of California approved the $25 million settlement in the Trump University lawsuit Friday, restoring most of the money that 3, 700 litigants in the case had paid for real estate classes.
GO Walter Cronkite Awards Dub Jake Tapper, Jorge Ramos, &amp Katy Tur Best Reporters of 2016.
GO This year’s Walter Cronkite Awards for Excellence in Television Political Journalism have named Jorge Ramos of Univision and Fusion TV networks, Katy Tur of NBC News, and Jake Tapper of CNN as the best national journalists of the 2016 election.
GO Trump ’Beheading’ Photographer Stands By His ’Art’: ’I Can’t Censor Myself’.
GO Tyler Shields, the photographer behind the   image of Kathy Griffin holding the bloodied, decapitated head of President Donald Trump, says he stands by his art and won’t censor any of his work in the future.
GO Venezuela: Maduro Dances on TV - Again - as Thousands Protest Replacing Constitution.
GO Thousands in Venezuela took to the streets, again, late Tuesday and throughout Wednesday in the capital, Caracas, to protest dictator Nicolás Maduro’s call to discard the Constitution and convene a “Constituents’ Assembly” to write a new one more favorable to his socialist government.
GO WaPo Reporter: We Had ‘Fun’ Cataloguing World Leaders Who’ve Mocked Trump - Breitbart.
GO A Washington Post reporter admitted that she and her team had “a little bit of fun” cataloguing all of the foreign leaders who have mocked President Donald Trump in recent weeks.
GO Pelosi: Gorsuch Is Bad If You ’Breathe Air, Drink Water, Eat Food, Take Medicine,’ Trump Picked Him to Distract from EO - Breitbart.
GO During a town hall with CNN on Tuesday, House Minority Leader Representative Nancy Pelosi ( ) argued that Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch is a “hostile” pick that President Trump named to change the subject from his immigration order, and “if you breathe air, drink water, eat food, take medicine, or in any other way, interact with the courts, this is a very bad decision.
GO Limbaugh: ’Hillary Clinton Is Falling Apart Before Our Very Eyes’ - Breitbart.
GO Wednesday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh took note of what he described as 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton “falling apart before our very eyes,” which he said was a far cry from someone that was presented as “the smartest woman in the world” and someone with a lock on the presidency during the 2016 campaign.
GO Third Victim of London Attack Named as American Tourist Kurt Cochran - Breitbart.
GO American Kurt Cochran, who was on a tour of Europe with his wife, has been named as one of the three victims who died in Wednesday’s terror attack in Westminster.
GO Pelosi: ’There Couldn’t Be a Starker Difference’ Between Sessions’ Russian Contacts and Loretta Lynch’s Meeting with Bill Clinton - Breitbart.
GO Thursday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) told reporters that allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions met with Russian officials was “completely different” from former Attorney General Loretta Lynch’s secret meeting with Bill Clinton during the 2016 election.
GO Ryan: “An Attack on One of Us Is an Attack on All of Us’.
GO Speaking on the floor of the House of Representatives on Wednesday, Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) said that all lawmakers feel assaulted following the shooting earlier today in Alexandria where a man targeted GOP members who were practicing for the Congressional baseball game, set for tomorrow at Nationals Park.
GO Donald Trump Speaks Out on Colin Kaepernick at Kentucky Rally - Breitbart.
GO While speaking at a rally in Kentucky on Monday night, Donald Trump referenced former San Francisco quarterback Colin Kaepernick and his struggles in trying to find a new team.
GO Ann Coulter: Scarborough Thinks ‘Really Stupid’ Trump Will Fall for ‘President Bannon’ Taunt - Breitbart.
GO Ann Coulter, one of President Donald Trump’s biggest boosters, blasted MSNBC host Joe Scarborough on Friday for thinking that Trump is so stupid that he would fall for the left’s and the media’s “President Bannon” taunt.
GO Police: Three Robbers Cut off Victim’s Thumb with a Meat Cleaver During Home Invasion - Breitbart.
GO Three robbers cut off a man’s thumb with a meat cleaver and slashed his face while they broke into his home in Queens, police sources say.
GO Father of Israeli Teen Killed In Istanbul Attack Told Her Not to Go.
GO The Jerusalem Post reports: The father of the Israeli killed in the New Year’s Eve attack in Istanbul said on Sunday that he had tried to stop his    daughter from traveling to Turkey.
GO Chuck Todd: Trump on the Brink of ’Lame Duck’ Presidency - Breitbart.
GO Friday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” NBC’s “Meet the Press” moderator Chuck Todd said President Donald Trump must accept “the fact” that Russia interfered in this election or he will be “on the brink of becoming a temporary lame duck presidency.
GO Dan Gainor: ’Hollywood Hates the People Who Watch Its Shows’.
GO “Hollywood hates the people who watch its shows,” Dan Gainor, vice president of Business and Culture at the Media Research Center, told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday during a broad discussion of culture and politics.
GO Democrats Target Nunes After He Reveals Trump Transition Team Was Surveilled.
GO Democrats are running a smear campaign against House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes ( ) after he revealed last week that members of Trump’s transition team were caught up in “incidental surveillance” targeting foreigners.
GO Mexican Nationals Arrested in Sex-for-Money With Underage Girls Bust.
GO The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) human trafficking unit, busted two Mexican nationals for allegedly having sex with two teenage females (ages 14 and 17) in exchange for money.
GO After Health Care Defeat, Everyone Is Smarter than Trump. Oh, Really? - Breitbart.
GO The Beltway consensus is that President Donald Trump lost so badly by pulling the American Health Care Act last Friday that he has permanently crippled his presidency.
GO WATCH: Kevin Spacey Jokes about Hillary Clinton’s Emails at Tony Awards.
GO Actor Kevin Spacey donned a gray wig to play Bill Clinton during his hosting gig at Sunday night’s Tony Awards and cracked a joke about Hillary Clinton’s email controversy in between award presentations.
GO Dem Rep Ted Lieu: Trump’s Tweets Could Be Obstruction of Justice - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” Rep. Ted Lieu ( ) said President Donald Trump’s tweet this morning calling former FBI Director James Comey “cowardly” could be “obstruction of justice.
GO Violent Alien Escapes After Attacking Border Agent, Tucson Police Refuse To Help.
GO A   supervisor of the Tucson Police Department reportedly refused to assist U. S. Border Patrol agents in a search for an escaped criminal alien who assaulted a federal agent.
GO NYT: The Gender Pay Gap is a Result of Motherhood - Breitbart.
GO The gender pay gap is largely the result of women’s choice to have children, writes Claire Cain Miller in a recent column for The New York Times.
GO Illegal Alien MS-13 Gang Members Charged in Murder of Teenager in Virginia.
GO Three illegal alien   gang members are in a Virginia jail, charged with the murder of a teenager in Virginia.
GO Police will be required to report officer-involved deaths under new US system.
GO Police departments will be required to give the US justice department full details of deadly incidents involving their officers each quarter, under a new government system for counting killings by police that was influenced by the Guardian.
GO When you wish upon a bra….
GO For the past week I have been thinking, like most people, about the big issue of our time: bras.
GO Elizabeth Banks bows out of directing Pitch Perfect 3.
GO Elizabeth Banks will not be returning to the Pitch Perfect director’s chair for the third installment in the hit musical franchise.
GO Flint warnings as Atlantic City may be forced into state takeover of water.
GO Atlantic City may be forced by New Jersey into an unprecedented state takeover of its water as the result of a bailout, something experts have warned has worrying echoes of the ongoing water crisis in Flint, Michigan, and could result in price hikes.
GO Inequality, healthcare and corruption: the issues that matter to you in 2016.
GO Frustrated voters have accused politicians in the 2016 presidential field of neglecting vital issues they feel are crucial to their own prospects and to the future of the US and the world, Guardian US has found.
GO US architects furious after professional body vows to work with Trump.
GO The head of the professional body for US architects has been forced to apologise after a pledge to work with Donald Trump created fury in the profession.
GO Woman, 19, sought after car with gas cylinders found near Notre-Dame in Paris.
GO French police are seeking a young woman after a car carrying seven gas cylinders was discovered near   cathedral in Paris, police and judicial officials have said.
GO Julian Green becomes first American player to score for Bayern Munich.
GO US international Julian Green became the first American to score a goal for Bayern Munich in a competitive match in Wednesday’s   victory over Augsburg in the second round of the German Cup.
GO SEC chair Mary Jo White to step down as Obama leaves office, agency says.
GO The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) chair, Mary Jo White, plans to step down at approximately the same time Barack Obama exits the Oval Office, the agency said on Monday.
GO Courteney Cox is right. None of us can run from ageing.
GO It was refreshing to hear Courteney Cox boldly admit that she regrets her past efforts to conceal the effects of ageing.
GO US forces attempted to rescue two hostages kidnapped in Kabul.
GO US forces in Afghanistan attempted to rescue two hostages last month, the Pentagon said on Thursday, but were unable to locate the two captives, who were professors from the American University of Afghanistan.
GO LeBron James leads call to end gun violence: ’We have to do better’.
GO LeBron James won five trophies, including best male athlete and best NBA player, at the ESPY Awards on Wednesday night when frivolity gave way to a   call to end gun violence and racial profiling.
GO Inside Netflix’s Amanda Knox: ‘She was cast as a she-devil’.
GO On the morning of 1 November 2007, in Perugia, Italy, Meredith Kercher lay beneath a duvet, in the house she shared with Amanda Knox.
GO Manchester United offer Michael Carrick one-year contract as Mourinho checks in.
GO Michael Carrick has been offered a year extension to his Manchester United contract by José Mourinho, with the veteran midfielder considering whether to extend his stay at Old Trafford into a second decade.
GO Wrong man cremated in mix-up of two corpses with same name.
GO A    man was mistakenly cremated, after a Los Angeles County coroner’s technician confused his remains with those of another man with the same name, a spokesman for the coroner’s office said.
GO Why violence against women in film is not the same as violence against men.
GO Whenever you mention that a piece of art shows violence against women, you can be sure that the comments section will reply, with confused gusto, “What about the men?
GO One hour of activity needed to offset harmful effects of sitting at a desk.
GO At least an hour of physical activity a day may be required to offset the harmful effects of sitting at a desk for eight hours, according to the latest study to highlight the perils of a sedentary lifestyle.
GO Ruud Gullit: ‘I had the privilege and the luck of having Johan Cruyff in my life’.
GO Autumn has come early to Amsterdam but, on the first Sunday in September, a rainy afternoon gives way to watery sunshine as Ruud Gullit arrives with a cheery wave.
GO Saudi Arabian teen arrested for online videos with American blogger.
GO A male Saudi Arabian teenager has been arrested in Riyadh over a series of online videos of conversations between him and a female Californian   star that went viral.
GO I can’t vote. If you can, you must.
GO In an era of increasing dissatisfaction with and disengagement from governments, political parties, and much of the rest of the democratic establishment, it’s more important than ever that you show up and vote.
GO Tech company accused of collecting details of how customers use sex toys.
GO A Chicago woman is suing a tech company she accuses of collecting intimate information about how its customers use their sex toys.
GO Hillary Clinton campaign blames leaked DNC emails about Sanders on Russia.
GO Hillary Clinton’s campaign has accused Russia of meddling in the 2016 presidential election, saying its hackers stole Democratic National Committee (DNC) emails and released them to foment disunity in the party and aid Donald Trump.
GO Transatlantic trade deal ’not realistic’ under Trump, German official says.
GO Hopes of a transatlantic trade deal have been abandoned following Donald Trump’s election to the US presidency, a senior German official said on Tuesday.
GO Cristina Fernández de Kirchner indicted in Argentina corruption case.
GO The former Argentinian president Cristina Fernández de Kirchner was indicted on Tuesday in a corruption case involving public works.
GO World Health Organisation should outsource key duties, experts say.
GO Global public health experts have called for “fundamental and extensive reform” of the World Health Organisation (WHO) including major outsourcing of key activities, warning that the organisation is already at risk of repeating the mistakes it made in handling the Ebola crisis.
GO Suspected chlorine attack kills at least three in Aleppo, says relief group.
GO At least three people died and many suffered breathing difficulties when suspected chlorine was dropped alongside barrel bombs on a neighbourhood of the Syrian city of Aleppo, according to reports from a hospital and a civil defence group.
GO Death toll from Oakland ’Ghost Ship’ warehouse fire rises to 33 killed.
GO Oakland officials on Sunday increased the death toll of a warehouse fire to 33 people, as the mayor announced that a criminal investigation team has joined the inquiry into how an unauthorized party became one of the worst disasters in the city’s history.
GO US efforts to regulate encryption have been flawed, government report finds.
GO US Republican congressional staff trying to find a middle ground on encryption have said previous efforts to regulate privacy technology were flawed and that lawmakers need to learn more about technology before trying to regulate it, according to a report released on Wednesday.
GO France’s former economy minister to run for 2017 presidency.
GO France’s former economy minister, Arnaud Montebourg, has said he will run in next year’s presidential election after “wasted” years under François Hollande.
GO Trump’s Republican party hits new low: relentless exploitation of genuine grief.
GO To the serial dishonesty, overt racism and   sexism, we can now add a new, more subtle layer of shame to Donald Trump’s campaign to be president: the relentless exploitation of genuine grief and heartbreaking pain.
GO Draymond Green suspended for Game 5 of NBA finals against Cavaliers.
GO The Golden State Warriors’ hopes of wrapping up a second successive title in front of their own fans on Monday night has suffered a blow after the NBA banned Draymond Green for Game 5.
GO Why we should have fewer children: to save the planet.
GO Earlier this summer, I found myself in the middle of a lively debate because of my work on climate change and the ethics of having children.
GO Museum of African American History displays range from slavery to Prince.
GO From slave shackles to Prince’s tambourine: when the Smithsonian’s African American museum opens next month, it will offer visitors a layered journey through the long and complicated history of black people in America written in artifacts large and small, old and new.
GO Donald Trump settles fraud lawsuits relating to Trump University for $25m.
GO Donald Trump has settled fraud lawsuits relating to Trump University for $25m, removing a legal headache despite having pledged to fight the cases to the bitter end.
GO French PM suggests naked breasts represent France better than a headscarf.
GO The French prime minister has drawn criticism for suggesting that naked breasts are more representative of France than a headscarf, in the latest   of the bitter political row over the burkini.
GO USA cyclist Tejay van Garderen withdraws from Olympics over Zika virus.
GO The cyclist Tejay van Garderen has withdrawn from consideration for the USA team for the Rio Olympics over concerns that the Zika virus outbreak could present risks for his pregnant wife.
GO North Carolina GOP strips some power from incoming Democratic governor.
GO North Carolina Republicans stripped the incoming Democratic governor of some of his authority on Friday and were on the verge of an even greater power grab, an extraordinary move critics said flies in the face of voters.
GO Louisiana floodwaters begin to recede but thousands remain in shelters.
GO Floodwaters in Louisiana have begun to recede, but the horror of the disaster continues to mount: on Wednesday afternoon more than 30, 000 people had been rescued from the flood, 40, 000 homes were affected and 6, 000 people remained in shelters.
GO Marc Jacobs defends himself in dreadlocks-on-catwalk row.
GO The fashion designer Marc Jacobs has defended himself against allegations of racial insensitivity after he used dreadlocks in his New York fashion show but cast mainly white models to wear them.
GO Australian man charged with attempted murder at Miranda Kerr’s home.
GO A man has been charged with the attempted murder of a security guard who was stabbed at the home of supermodel Miranda Kerr.
GO How to be a competitive eater: a strong stomach for hot dogs – and stamina.
GO Competitive eaters from around the world will converge on Coney Island on Monday, for one of the sport’s most prized events: Nathan’s Famous Fourth of July international hot dog eating contest.
GO Tropical Storm Hermine: rains intensify along mid-Atlantic coastline.
GO Tropical Storm Hermine was intensifying on Saturday along the Atlantic coast, threatening heavy rain, wind and storm surges on its northward march.
GO Playmobil film producers hit back at Weinstein Company.
GO The producers of forthcoming film Playmobil have launched a counterattack on the Weinstein Company, which had once been set to distribute the movie in the US.
GO Kanye West fan tries to climb floating stage at Atlanta concert.
GO A fan tried climbing on to Kanye West’s floating stage at the rapper’s Monday night concert in Atlanta, hanging on for just a few seconds before coming back down to Earth.
GO Larry Wilmore’s show was a victim of our reluctance to discuss race.
GO After a     of finding the humor in some of the bleakest moments in American race relations in decades, Comedy Central is ending Larry Wilmore’s The Nightly Show.
GO Andy Murray is the 26th men’s No1 in tennis – but how does he compare?.
GO Three years ago in New York, where Andy Murray was defending the first of his three grand slam titles, the Association of Tennis Professionals organised a gala dinner for the 25 players who had topped their rankings since 1973.
GO Rudy Van Gelder, engineer behind sound of modern jazz, dies aged 91.
GO Rudy Van Gelder, the audio engineer who helped shape the sound of modern jazz on recordings including such timeless albums as John Coltrane’s A Love Supreme, Lee Morgan’s The Sidewinder and Herbie Hancock’s Maiden Voyage, has died.
GO iPhone 7 debut expected at Apple product launch next week.
GO Apple is expected to show off a new iPhone next week when the company holds its autumn product launch event in San Francisco.
GO Andy Murray suffers for his art in marathon win over Milos Raonic.
GO If Andy Murray had played in a crown of thorns, hair shirt and bare feet on broken glass he could hardly have suffered more in victory than he did against Milos Raonic here.
GO US economy grew at its fastest rate in two years in the last quarter.
GO The US economy grew at its fastest rate in two years in the last quarter, due to a surge in exports and improving consumer confidence.
GO Why Hillary Clinton lost the election: the economy, trust and a weak message.
GO How Hillary Clinton managed to lose an election to a candidate as divisive and unpopular as Donald Trump will baffle observers and agonise Democrats for years to come.
GO Navy secretary approves Keenan Reynolds to play in NFL this season.
GO Keenan Reynolds has been given the   to play for the Ravens this season after Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus gave him his blessing.
GO Creators of The Man in the High Castle: there are ’deeply disturbing’ parallels.
GO When the first season of Amazon’s The Man in the High Castle arrived last year neither the Democrats nor the Republicans were close to selecting a presidential candidate.
GO Jason Bourne returns with $60m in opening weekend as Bad Moms delivers.
GO Between the return of Matt Damon as super spy Jason Bourne, the promise of laughing along with a few   ladies in the raunchy comedy Bad Moms and the dark internet thriller Nerve, there was something new for everyone in theaters this weekend.
GO Pennsylvania’s ex-attorney general sentenced to jail for grand jury leak.
GO The first Democrat and first woman to serve as Pennsylvania attorney general was sentenced to jail on Monday, completing a catastrophic fall from grace for a rising political star.
GO The Rolling Stones announce new album, Blue and Lonesome.
GO After a week of speculation, the Rolling Stones have announced the release of their 25th studio album, Blue and Lonesome.
GO Rugby player banned for three years for tackling female referee in match.
GO An Argentinian rugby player has been banned for three years after tackling a female referee during an Italian league match.
GO Gun control fight returns to Congress as Speaker Ryan allows vote on one bill.
GO Nearly two weeks after House Democrats staged a historic   to demand action on gun control legislation, the Republican speaker of the House has agreed to hold a vote on a single   bill: a measure to allow the attorney general to delay the sale of a gun to a suspected terrorist for three days, similar to a Senate measure backed by the National Rifle Association.
GO Amber Heard’s friend explains why she called police on Johnny Depp.
GO A friend of Amber Heard has come out in defense of the actor and fights back in an essay against claims that Heard fabricated her domestic abuse allegations against her estranged husband, Johnny Depp, to squeeze money out of the star.
GO Hurricane Sandy-level flooding is rising so sharply that it could become normal.
GO The frequency of floods of the magnitude of Hurricane Sandy, which devastated parts of New York City in 2012, is rising so sharply that they could become relatively normal, with a raft of new research laying bare the enormous upheavals already under way in the US due to climate change.
GO A week with Trump: inside the campaign that keeps confounding.
GO All of Donald Trump’s strengths and weaknesses were on display this week as he kicked off the homestretch of his presidential campaign.
GO Greek prime minister reshuffles cabinet to boost bailout reforms.
GO The Greek prime minister, Alexis Tsipras, has reshuffled his government to boost bailout reforms in the hope of getting the EU to agree to critical debt relief by the end of the year.
GO Racial bias found in Texas death penalty cases, Harvard Law School study says.
GO A Harvard Law School study has found that racial bias, overly aggressive prosecutions and inadequate representation for poor defendants affect death penalty cases in Harris County, Texas.
GO 3 Doors Down founding member Matt Roberts found dead aged 38.
GO Guitarist Matt Roberts, a founding member of the rock band 3 Doors Down, has died in Wisconsin.
GO ​Adnan Syed asks for release from prison while he awaits retrial in Serial case.
GO Adnan Syed, whose story was the center of the Serial podcast, is asking to be released from prison while he awaits his retrial in the murder of his high school girlfriend.
GO Samantha Bee recruits Sarah Paulson to read Hillary Clinton’s emails.
GO Samantha Bee enlisted the help of   actor Sarah Paulson to read a selection of Hillary Clinton’s leaked emails in her most recent show.
GO The Trump-Pence logo is undeniably erotic. Can it be accidental?.
GO At last, Donald Trump has chosen his understudy for the baroque,   idiotic drama that is about to unfold for the next four months of   democracy: Indiana governor Mike Pence.
GO Former Miss Finland is 12th woman to accuse Donald Trump of sexual assault.
GO A former beauty queen has become the 12th woman to openly accuse Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of sexual assault.
GO Paris climate deal a ’turning point’ in global warming fight, Obama says.
GO Barack Obama has said the Paris climate deal could prove a “turning point” in the effort to avoid dangerous global warming, after a flurry of commitments by nations pushed the agreement into force.
GO The Russian ambassador’s assassination was no work of art.
GO Two days after the assassination of the Russian ambassador to Turkey, a piece in New York magazine made a point that occasionally attends the aftermath of shocking events: that photos of the killing took on the quality of art.
GO Prehistoric humans may have hunted cave lions to extinction, fossils indicate.
GO Cave lions might have been hunted to extinction by humans, according to researchers who say they have found evidence that the creatures were skinned for their pelts 16, 000 years ago.
GO Enrique Peña Nieto: Mexican presidents don’t set out to ’screw’ the country.
GO Presidents of Mexico do not wake up thinking how to “screw” the country, the current office holder Enrique Peña Nieto said on Tuesday, seeking to defend his record in government and encourage positive thinking.
GO Tiger Woods to make comeback at Hero World Challenge in December.
GO Tiger Woods is scheduled to make his   comeback to competitive golf at the Hero World Challenge in the Bahamas next month.
GO Seven people killed in two bomb attacks in south-east Turkey.
GO At least seven civilians have been killed in two separate bomb attacks blamed on Kurdistan Workers’ party (PKK) militants in   Turkey.
GO Ex-Mexico star Cuauhtémoc Blanco begins hunger strike over impeachment.
GO The former Mexico forward Cuauhtémoc Blanco declared a hunger strike on Saturday, to protest an impeachment process that seeks to remove him as mayor of the city of Cuernavaca, a state capital near Mexico City.
GO Czech tourist reveals how she survived 30-day ordeal in New Zealand mountains.
GO Pavlina Pižova, the Czech tourist who survived a month in the New Zealand wilderness, has told how she endured three nights in the open in freezing winter conditions before managing to find shelter at a mountain hut.
GO World’s first passenger drone cleared for testing in Nevada.
GO The world’s first passenger drone capable of autonomously carrying a person in the air for 23 minutes has been given clearance for testing in Nevada.
GO 95-year-old Mad cartoonist Al Jaffee: ’The world is full of bloviators’.
GO At 95 years old, Mad Magazine’s Al Jaffee is the oldest working cartoonist, and he has the certificate from Guinness World Records to prove it.
GO The Joy (And Fear) Of Making ’Kindred’ Into A Graphic Novel.
GO Not surprisingly, artists Damian Duffy and John Jennings felt especially daunted by the chance to adapt renowned   writer Octavia Butler’s beloved Kindred for a new graphic novel edition.
GO Immigration Raids Are Reported Around The Country.
GO Federal immigration authorities launched a new wave of raids and other actions in several states over the past five days aimed at sweeping up people who are in this country illegally.
GO At Least 32 People Killed In Tour Bus Crash In Taiwan.
GO A bus packed with elderly tourists flipped onto its side on a highway exit ramp Monday evening in Taiwan near the capital, Taipei, killing at least 32 people, according to multiple news reports.
GO Author Philip Pullman Announces A Follow-Up Trilogy To ’His Dark Materials’.
GO The hugely successful fantasy trilogy His Dark Materials will be getting a ”companion” trilogy, author Philip Pullman announced this evening.
GO ’Game Of Thrones’ Composer Ramin Djawadi On Melodies That Stick.
GO It was The Magnificent Seven that inspired Ramin Djawadi, the musician behind Game Of Thrones’ iconic soundtrack, to become a film composer.
GO Intelligence Official: Transcripts Of Flynn’s Calls Don’t Show Criminal Wrongdoing.
GO A current U. S. intelligence official tells NPR’s Mary Louise Kelly that there is no evidence of criminal wrongdoing in the transcripts of former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, although the official noted that doesn’t rule out the possibility of illegal actions.
GO Scientists May Have Solved The Mystery Of Nodding Syndrome.
GO Scientists may have solved the mystery of nodding syndrome, a rare form of epilepsy that has disabled thousands of children in East Africa.
GO Yahoo Warns More Users That Their Private Information May Have Been Stolen.
GO Yahoo is warning some of its users that their accounts might have been breached by intruders using forged cookies, allowing them to access private information without knowing users’ passwords.
GO Scott Pruitt Confirmed To Lead Environmental Protection Agency.
GO Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt has been confirmed as the next administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, an agency Pruitt has long criticized.
GO In South Sudan, People Are Dying Of Hunger As Civil War Continues.
GO The United Nations says people are dying of starvation in   South Sudan, and it has issued a formal famine declaration for part of the country.
GO Singer And Actor David Cassidy Says He Has Dementia.
GO Saying that he’s been diagnosed with the same condition that struck his mother and grandfather, singer David Cassidy has revealed that he is fighting dementia.
GO Amid U.S.-Mexico Strains, Tillerson And Kelly Take On ’Tough Trip’ .
GO Amid deep strains in the U. S. relationship with Mexico, a country that’s been a favorite target of President Trump, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Homeland Security chief John Kelly took part in talks in Mexico City on Thursday that were aimed at smoothing out tensions.
GO White Nationalist Richard Spencer Kicked Out Of CPAC.
GO Richard Spencer, a white nationalist, was kicked out of the hotel where the Conservative Political Action Conference is taking place, a CPAC spokesman confirmed to NPR.
GO After Kansas Shooting, More Than $1 Million Donated For Victims’ Families.
GO Less than a week after a man opened fire in a crowded Kansas bar, killing one man and injuring two others, thousands of strangers from around the world have opened up their wallets to comfort the victims’ families.
GO Trump To Propose $54 Billion Defense Increase, Cuts To Domestic Programs.
GO Updated at 4:15 p. m. ET, President Trump’s budget will propose a $54 billion increase in defense spending, while slashing domestic programs by the same amount.
GO SpaceX Announces Plans To Send Two Customers To The Moon.
GO The private company SpaceX has announced that it plans to send two passengers on a mission beyond the moon in late 2018.
GO Buying vs. leasing a car: what to keep in mind.
GO ’’ ’According to a 2016 survey, .’ ’But should you?’ ’To help with your decision, we highlighted the key differences between the two options in the chart below:’ ’’ ’The bottom line on buying: Cars are the classic example of a depreciating asset.
GO Ted Cruz easily defeats Donald Trump in Wisconsin.
GO ”Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz just picked up a critical win in Tuesday’s Wisconsin primary.” ’Multiple outlets projected soon after polls closed that Cruz would defeat GOP frontrunner Donald Trump.’ ’Trump had repeatedly predicted that he would defeat Cruz in Wisconsin despite polls suggesting otherwise.’ ”Cruz’s win is especially important because it makes it more difficult for Trump to secure their party’s nomination outright.” ’”Tonight is a turning point,” Cruz said in a victory speech from his Wisconsin campaign headquarters, during which he also thanked Gov.
GO Jeff Bezos: ’We are the best place in the world to fail’.
GO ’’ ’Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is famous for his drive to take bold bets and experiment on projects that often fail.’ ”That approach has led to many flops within Amazon, like its Fire Phone or   site Amazon Destinations.
GO High school senior who got into all 8 Ivies told us the quality most critical to her success.
GO ’’ ’’ ”She doesn’t attribute her accomplishment solely to her high grades, though as valedictorian she certainly has   credentials.” ’The quality she most stressed as critical to her success is her   tenacity, something she says is best encapsulated when looking at her approach to her scientific research.’ ’She used a   research project as a launching point to illustrate this quality, describing a project she started in high school with cement and concrete.
GO Bill Clinton unleashes blistering rebuttal to Black Lives Matter protesters.
GO ’Former President Bill Clinton went off on a group of Black Lives Matter protesters who interrupted a Thursday speech he was giving on behalf of his wife.’ ’”I like protesters, but the ones who won’’t let you answer are afraid of the truth,” he fired back when they initially spoke up.’ ’Clinton made the comments while campaigning in Philadelphia for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential frontrunner.’ ’He offered a particularly passionate defense of his    approach during the 1990s.
GO One year after ’Mobilegeddon,’ Google plans to release a new tool for small businesses.
GO ’’ ’Google wants to help small businesses make their websites work better on mobile.’ ”The company is rolling out a new diagnostic tool to help them figure out how to make their sites faster and easier to use on smartphones, Yong Su Kim, Google’s managing director of    business sales for the Americas, tells Business Insider.” ’The tool, Test My Site with Google, launches in May and will look pretty similar to .
GO Wind at the Masters blew a golfer’s ball off the green and into the water.
GO ’’ ’It is Moving Day at the Masters, and the biggest mover so far is the wind and the havoc it is causing at Augusta National.’ ”The wind is blowing so hard that it actually blew one golfer’s ball off of the green and into the water.” ’The bizarre incident came on the   15th hole.
GO The successful landing of Elon Musk’s SpaceX rocket was seriously one of the most amazing things I’ve ever seen.
GO ’Eight minutes and 35 seconds after a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launched into space, the first stage booster came back to Earth and successfully landed vertically on a barge floating in the Atlantic Ocean.’ ’This was seriously one of the most amazing things I have ever seen in my life.
GO Valeant’s stock got punished on some bad news that you just don’t hear every day.
GO ’’ ”Valeant Pharmaceuticals’ stock fell 7% on Monday on a strange bit of news that you don’t see in the market every day.” ”The embattled company’s board wrote a letter urging its outgoing CEO, Michael Pearson, to comply with a congressional subpoena.” ”Pearson was supposed to be deposed on April 6, but he didn’t show.” ’It said:’ ’’ ’’ ”Based on the board’s statement, it seems they don’t agree with that.
GO Anderson Cooper to Donald Trump: Why is Ted Cruz beating your ’organizational genius’ on the ground?.
GO ’CNN anchor Anderson Cooper repeatedly pressed Donald Trump on Tuesday about how GOP rival Ted Cruz had managed to crush him in Colorado.’ ’”The bottom line is the rules are the rules.
GO Chinese nationals are engaging in a new type of spying in the US.
GO ’’ ’United States law enforcement agencies are urging farmers and businesses more broadly to be increasingly vigilant amid a rise in attempted thefts of genetically engineered seed and other commercial secrets.’ ’Mo Hailong, one of six Chinese nationals US authorities accused in 2013 of digging up seeds from Iowa farms with plans to send them back to China, pleaded guilty in January, according to Reuters.
GO ’Like a dog’: Donald Trump impersonates Mitt Romney ’choking’ in the 2012 election.
GO ’Donald Trump livened up his Tuesday rally in Rome, New York, with an impression of former Republican nominee Mitt Romney supposedly ”choking” in the 2012 presidential election.’ ”After lamenting the fact that Republicans haven’t won an election in the last two cycles, he called out the former Massachusetts governor for failing to beat President Barack Obama in 2012.
GO Jack Dorsey didn’t take any salary, but Twitter spent more than $68,000 to protect him.
GO ’’ ’Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey waved off any salary or stock awards last year when he returned to take the top spot at the company he founded.’ ’The only compensation the    received from Twitter last year: $68, 506 for ”residential security and protective detail,” .’ ”Dorsey owns 3.
GO Cash levels are climbing.
GO ’ we’ve seen throughout the markets is being reflected in fund manager sentiment as we’re getting mixed messages involving cash and low conviction levels.
GO NO DEAL: Saudi Arabia demands Iran join the oil production freeze.
GO ’’ ’The   meeting to freeze global oil production in Doha over the weekend has ended without a deal after Saudi Arabia demanded that Iran join the freeze.’ ’Signs emerged late last week that the Saudis were hardening their position.
GO The death toll from Ecuador’s massive 7.8 earthquake is up to 262.
GO ’’ ”PEDERNALES, Ecuador (Reuters)   The death toll from Ecuador’s biggest earthquake in decades soared to 262 on Sunday as survivors cobbled together makeshift coffins to bury loved ones, lined up for water and sought shelter beside the rubble of their shattered homes.” ’The 7.
GO We might be repeating the mistakes of the 1999 bubble and crash.
GO ’The stock market may be in danger of repeating some very bad history.’ ’The current market environment is looking a whole lot like the   stock market bubble, and the crash of 2000 may not be far behind, said Michael Hartnett of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.’ ’”It could simply be   all over again.
GO Ted Cruz lashes out at Donald Trump after massive New York primary loss.
GO ’’ ”Ted Cruz on Wednesday said that he was not discouraged by his massive loss in Tuesday’s New York primary.” ’The Texas senator said in a press conference that it came as no surprise the Manhattan billionaire won his home state.’ ’”I recognize that last night was a good night for Donald,” Cruz told reporters.
GO Curt Schilling fired by ESPN after latest controversial foray into social media.
GO ’’ ’Former Major League Baseball pitcher Curt Schilling has been fired by ESPN from his role as baseball analyst after his latest controversial foray into social media, the company announced on Wednesday.’ ’The move comes after Schilling shared a Facebook post in response to the North Carolina law that bars transgender people from using bathrooms that do not correspond to their gender of birth.’ ’Here is a screencap of the post which has been deleted, via Outsports.
GO Billionaire Republican donor says ’it’s possible’ Hillary Clinton might be a better president than anyone in the GOP field.
GO ’WASHINGTON (Reuters)   Billionaire industrialist Charles Koch, a key source of financing for conservative Republican causes along with his brother, said Democrat Hillary Clinton might make a better president than the candidates in the Republican field.’ ’Koch, in an interview to air on Sunday on ABC’’s ”This Week” program, said that in some respects Bill Clinton had been a better president than George W. Bush, who Koch said had increased government spending.’ ’Then when asked if Hillary Clinton would be a better president than the Republicans currently running, he said, ”It’’s possible, it’’s possible.
GO ’Reminiscent of Nazi Germany’: One of the most influential GOP donors takes aim at Donald Trump’s Muslim proposals.
GO ’’ ’One of the most influential GOP donors took a big swing at Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump in an interview aired Sunday.’ ”In the ABC interview, Koch Industries CEO Charles Koch was highly critical of Trump’s proposals toward Muslims on the campaign trail.” ’The GOP frontrunner last year unveiled a proposal to bar most Muslim immigrants and tourists from entering the US.
GO Donald Trump: ’If I lose, I don’t think you will ever see me again’.
GO ’’ ”Don’t expect to see Donald Trump give a humble concession speech if he loses the Republican presidential nomination.” ’During a Sunday rally in Maryland, the Republican presidential frontrunner mocked candidates who praise their opponents during concession speeches, saying that if he lost the contest, Americans would probably not hear from him.’ ’”They fight like hell for six months, and they’’re saying horrible things, the worst things you can imagine,” Trump said.
GO A 42-year-old car salesman tried to negotiate with jihadists online and ended up in prison.
GO ’’ ’A former car salesman spent nearly 14 months in US prison after finding himself swept up in an amateur internet investigation into jihadists, according to .’ ’Toby Lopez began researching the Islamic State on the internet after one of his friends from high school was killed in Afghanistan.
GO Stephen Curry suffered a scary-looking fall in Game 4 of the playoffs and hurt his knee.
GO ’Stephen Curry took a scary fall at the end of the first half of Game 4 of the Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets first round playoff series.’ ’As Curry was running up the floor, he appeared to slip on a wet spot and his knee contorted in an awkward way.’ ”Here’s the play:” ’’ ’Stephen Curry took a scary fall at the end of.
GO TRUMP: ’I consider myself the presumptive nominee, absolutely’.
GO ’Donald Trump declared himself the ”presumptive nominee” in a victory speech from Trump Tower on Tuesday night after dominating five Republican presidential primary contests.’ ’Shortly after the polls closed Tuesday evening, several networks projected that the   mogul .
GO Peter Thiel and Mitt Romney invested $100 million in a company that wants to be the Apple of smart homes.
GO ’’ ’ a smart home company based out of Provo, Utah, has raised $100 million in its first round of   funding.’ ”That’s a big number for any company, let alone one you may not have heard of.” ’Even more interesting, that investment was led by the famed investor and PayPal cofounder Peter Thiel alongside Solamere Capital, a venture firm cofounded by Mitt and Tagg Romney.’ ”It’s Thiel’s only known investment in the smart home industry.
GO Baltimore police shot a 13-year-old boy who was carrying a fake gun.
GO ’’ ’Baltimore police shot and wounded a    boy who was carrying a replica handgun on Wednesday, the anniversary of a riot sparked by the death of Freddie Gray while in police custody.’ ’Baltimore Police Commissioner Kevin Davis told reporters that two plainclothes detectives spotted the teenager carrying what appeared to be a firearm, identified themselves, and gave chase when he ran away.
GO Elizabeth Warren totally gets Valeant.
GO ’US Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) got to one of the most important unanswered questions about Valeant Pharmaceuticals when its executives and major shareholder, Bill Ackman, testified before the Senate on Wednesday.’ ”It’s a question that the company has been avoiding since the Senate starting asking questions about its controversial   practices last fall.
GO Marissa Mayer was ’outraged’ people were comparing Yahoo to AOL.
GO ’’ ’Yahoo is a fraction of the size of Google and Facebook, but the three companies still largely compete in the same   space.’ ”In the eyes of Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, it’s those tech giants, and not smaller players like AOL, with which Yahoo competes, according to a former company executive.” ’”She believed that Yahoo was competing with Google and Facebook,” this person said.
GO A Russian jet fighter did a barrel roll over an American plane in international airspace.
GO ’’ ’WASHINGTON (Reuters)   A Russian Sukhoi   jet fighter did a barrel roll over a U. S. reconnaissance plane in international airspace, CNN said on Friday, citing two U. S. defense officials in the Baltic Sea region.’ ’CNN said the Russian fighter came within about 100 feet (30 meters) of the American reconnaissance plane as it performed the dangerous,   maneuver.’ ’The United States has made formal protests in the past when the militaries of other countries have performed similar maneuvers.
GO Billionaire investor Chris Sacca told an amazing story about how obsessed Kobe Bryant is with being a successful investor in the startup world.
GO ’’ ’In case there were ever any doubts about how Kobe Bryant plans to approach his retirement, a recent anecdote from billionaire investor and ”Shark Tank” personality Chris Sacca illustrates pretty definitively that it will be with the same obsessive competitiveness that defined his basketball career.’ ’ to discuss a slew of topics, Sacca shared a terrific story about his interactions with Bryant.’ ”Sacca said that a few years back, he reluctantly took a meeting with Bryant because the basketball star wanted to discuss some business ventures and the startup world.
GO Hillary Clinton on Donald Trump: I’ve dealt with men who’ve gone ’off the reservation’.
GO ”Hillary Clinton doesn’t seem worried about coming under attack from Donald Trump in a potential   matchup.” ’The former secretary of state and Democratic frontrunner told CNN’’s Jake Tapper that she’’s had experience dealing with men who’’ve gone ”off the reservation.
GO Could you pass the test to become a US citizen?.
GO ’’ ’Last year, nearly 730, 000 people became naturalized US citizens.’ ”Nearly every one of them would’ve had to pass a civics test, answering questions about US history, government, and geography.” ”It’s not a huge hurdle, provided that you take some time to prepare.
GO Most of the offers Yahoo is shortlisting are from companies offering cash.
GO ’’ ’(Reuters)   Yahoo has shortlisted close to 10 bidders in the auction for its core Internet assets, including Verizon, with most offers involving cash rather than a combination with another company, according to people familiar with the matter.’ ’The shortlist comprises mainly large companies and big private equity firms including TPG Capital, and excludes many small companies that proposed some kind of combination, such as privately held Yellow Pages owner YP, the people said this week.
GO The FBI is hunting for a man who poured suspicious liquid on Whole Foods’ buffets.
GO ’The FBI is searching for a man suspected of trying to contaminate food at a Whole Foods store in Ann Arbor, Michigan.’ ’A Whole Foods employee witnessed the man pouring a liquid onto items at the   bars, according to statements from the FBI and Whole Foods.’ ’”’ ’’ ’’ ”The FBI is now asking for the public’s help to identify the suspect, and says that anyone with information should call ” ’’ ’’ ’The FBI is searching for a man suspected of.
GO The NFL world is in love with what the Jacksonville Jaguars did in the draft, and they could be the new ’it’ team.
GO ’’ ’The Jacksonville Jaguars are earning unanimous praise after what could be a   draft.’ ”The Jaguars caught a break with the fifth pick in the first round, with the help of the Rams and Eagles’ two big trades that moved them to the top of the draft.
GO William Bratton, New York’s Influential Police Commissioner, Is Stepping Down - The New York Times.
GO William J. Bratton, the commissioner of the New York Police Department and the most widely recognized face in American policing, will step down next month to take a job with a private advisory firm, ending a   career in public life that spanned the country, from Boston to Los Angeles, and that reshaped the image of what a police commander could be.
GO What Pneumonia Experts Say About Clinton’s Case - The New York Times.
GO If Hillary Clinton brushed aside medical advice to rest after getting a diagnosis of mild pneumonia, she was risking developing a more serious case, medical experts said Monday.
GO Corey Lewandowski Continues to Be Paid by Donald Trump’s Campaign - The New York Times.
GO Donald J. Trump paid his former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski $20, 000 in August for “strategy consulting,” two months after Mr. Lewandowski left the team and was hired by CNN as a commentator.
GO Sarah Jessica Parker, Leaving Carrie Behind With HBO’s ‘Divorce’ - The New York Times.
GO Sarah Jessica Parker was waiting for a menu at a restaurant in    a Westchester County suburb of New York, when a   man in a polo shirt and shorts showed up at her table.
GO How The New York Times Will Fact-Check the Debate - The New York Times.
GO With clashes over truth, lies and exaggerations dominating the prelude to the first presidential debate, The New York Times has assembled a team of at least 18   for Monday night, drawing on the expertise of some of our most seasoned reporters.
GO Donald Trump Tax Records Show He Could Have Avoided Taxes for Nearly Two Decades, The Times Found - The New York Times.
GO Donald J. Trump declared a $916 million loss on his 1995 income tax returns, a tax deduction so substantial it could have allowed him to legally avoid paying any federal income taxes for up to 18 years, records obtained by The New York Times show.
GO DNC Chair Perez: Dems Will Retake Both Chambers of Congress in 2018 - Breitbart.
GO Monday on Bloomberg TV, Democratic National Committee Chairman Tom Perez predicted because of what he called a GOP overreach, the Democratic Party would retake both chambers of Congress in 2018.
GO EPA Chief Scott Pruitt Calls for ’Exit’ of Paris Climate Agreement - Breitbart.
GO The head of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Scott Pruitt, has called for America to “exit” the Paris Climate Agreement signed by Barack Obama last November.
GO NBA Commissioner Adam Silver Doubles Down on League’s Transgender Activism Stance - Breitbart.
GO National Basketball Association Commissioner Adam Silver doubled down on the league’s activist support of transgender rights last week saying that the NBA will continue to look for ways to punish states that adopt a transgender bathroom bill.
GO Indiana Kellogg’s Snacks Plant Expected to Close by September - Breitbart.
GO Per a WTHI report, Kellogg’s Snacks Plant in Seelyville, IN is participating in the #DumpKelloggs boycott, and is set to close by September of this year.
GO State Supreme Court Rules Mississippi Judge Can Call Herself ’JudgeCutie’ - Breitbart.
GO The Mississippi State Supreme Court ruled that a county court judge can call herself by the nickname “JudgeCutie” in one of the fastest decisions the court has made in years.
GO Image of Putin Snuggling a Pregnant Donald Trump Projected on New York Apple Store - Breitbart.
GO An image of Russian president Vladimir Putin caressing a pregnant Donald Trump was projected onto a New York Apple store on Tuesday evening as part of Valentine’s Day stunt by the dating app Hater.
GO Donald Trump: I Would Let My Son Barron Play Football - Breitbart.
GO President Donald Trump would be willing to let his son Barron Trump play football, despite the dangers posed by the physical nature of the game.
GO Ronald Reagan: ’Those Who Seek to Inflict Harm Are Not Fazed by Gun Control Laws’ - Breitbart.
GO During his 1983 speech to the NRA Annual Meetings in Phoenix, Arizona, Ronald Reagan noted that “those who seek to inflict harm are not fazed by gun control laws.
GO Danish Parliament: Danes Should Not Become Minorities in Denmark.
GO The Folketing, Denmark’s unicameral parliament, has passed a resolution stating that Danes should not become minorities in Danish communities, as figures show the migrant and   population are now a majority in Brøndby Strand and Odense.
GO Trump Supporters Raise Nearly $24,000 For Muslim Immigrant-Owned Limo Torched by Left-Wing Protesters - Breitbart.
GO Supporters of President Trump have helped raise nearly $24, 000 for a limo owned by a Muslim immigrant after it was set on fire and destroyed by   protesters during the inauguration riots.
GO Mark Cuban Wants Constitution Changed to Make Health Care a ’Right’ - Breitbart.
GO Ever ready to spout off about things political, Dallas Mavericks owner and billionaire Mark Cuban now wants to shore up Obamacare, pushing the idea that the U. S. Constitution should be changed to proclaim health care as an American “right.
GO Bardot: ’You Can See Macron’s Lack of Empathy in His Cold, Steel Eyes’.
GO The French film icon Brigitte Bardot has urged her fellow countrymen not to vote for Emmanuel Macron in France’s presidential election on Sunday, saying you can see his lack of compassion in “the coldness of his steel eyes”.
GO Farage to Be ’Close but Unofficial Advisor’ to President Trump.
GO Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage is to be a “close but unofficial” advisor to U. S. President Donald Trump, the Governor of Mississippi has said.
GO Report: White House Looks to Fire CFPB Director Cordray.
GO The Trump White House is weighing its options to fire Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) Director Richard Cordray.
GO Wham! Italy Pummeled by 10 Earthquakes in Four Hours.
GO Having not yet recovered from the severe earthquakes of recent months, central Italy was struck by 10 earthquakes in succession over a   period Wednesday, all of them registering over 4.
GO MLB Commish Manfred: We Are Looking Into Indians Chief Wahoo Logo, We’ll Be Responsive - Breitbart.
GO Friday, MLB Commissioner Rob Manfred said on ESPN’s “Outside the Lines” that the league is looking into the controversial Cleveland Indians Chief Wahoo logo, adding they will be “responsive” to concerns.
GO EXCLUSIVE - Linda Tripp: SNL Made Me into A ‘Villain’.
GO During a radio interview broadcast on Sunday, Linda Tripp, who was famously portrayed by John Goodman on Saturday Night Live during the Monica Lewinsky scandal, blasted SNL for what she described as a political campaign to “make me into a villain” instead of Bill and Hillary Clinton.
GO Rosie O’Donnell to Melania Trump: ’Divorce’ Donald and ’Flee’.
GO Rosie O’Donnell’s apparent preoccupation with President Donald Trump’s family members kicked up a notch this week when the actress offered First Lady Melania Trump some unsolicited marriage advice.
GO LGBT Writer: I Won’t Accept Gay Conservatives ‘Coming Out’ as Trump Supporters - Breitbart.
GO LGBT writer Skylar   refused to accept homosexuals who “come out” as supporters of President Trump in a new article for The Independent, encouraging others in the LGBT community to cut ties with gay conservatives.
GO Charlie Kirk: Senators Murkowski, Collins Must Go for Opposing DeVos Nomination - Breitbart.
GO In a panel discussing the follies of government at CPAC, Charlie Kirk advocated ousting Senators Lisa Murkowski ( ) and Susan Collins ( ) for voting against Betsy DeVos’ nomination.
GO MILO: ’I’m What the Future of Conservative Politics Has to Look Like’ - Breitbart.
GO Appearing on the Jason and Burns show on KIRO Radio, Breitbart Senior editor MILO described himself as “what the future of conservative politics has to look like.
GO Price on Obamacare Replacement: ‘Nobody Will Be Worse Off Financially’ - Breitbart.
GO Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” President Donald Trump’s Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said that “nobody will be worse off financially” if Republicans in Congress repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act dubbed Obamacare.
GO Lindsey Graham: ’Democrats Cleaned Our Clock’ on Spending Bill - Breitbart.
GO Tuesday on CNN’s “At This Hour,” Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said he believed the congressional Democrats “cleaned our clock” in the proposed $1   government spending bill.
GO Trump Attorney: The President Is Not Under Investigation - Breitbart.
GO Jay Sekulow, one of the attorneys representing President Donald Trump, told several Sunday morning news shows that Trump “is not under investigation.
GO Joy Reid: It’s ’Delicate’ Because While We Hope Scalise Recovers, We Can’t Ignore His History of Race, Gun Control - Breitbart.
GO MSNBC “AM Joy” host Joy Reid reacted Saturday to House Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise’s ( ) shooting, calling it a “delicate” situation because she hopes he recovers but added she cannot ignore his history regarding race,   marriage and gun control.
GO Trump on Letter from Obama: ’We Won’t Tell the Press What’s in It’ - Breitbart.
GO President Trump jokingly told White House staff Sunday that he wouldn’t tell the press what was in the letter former President Obama wrote to him, the Hill reported.
GO ’Liberal Answer to Breitbart News’ Loses CEO Before It Even Launches - Breitbart.
GO The much ballyhooed “Breitbart of the left” planned by Clinton apologist David Brock lost its CEO before the site even launched, as investigative reporter David Sirota announced he is bowing out of the project.
GO Comedy Central’s ’Broad City’ to Bleep Out Donald Trump’s Name in Upcoming Season.
GO The Comedy Central series Broad City will bleep out President Donald Trump’s name in its upcoming fourth season, in what one actress describes as an attempt to rid the show of any mention of the president.
GO ’Bachelor’ Star Chris Soules Arrested for Allegedly Fleeing Scene of Fatal Accident.
GO Reality TV star Chris Soules, who formerly served as a contestant on ABC’s dating show The Bachelor, was reportedly arrested in Iowa on Monday after allegedly fleeing the scene of a fatal accident.
GO Illegal Alien Allegedly Broke into Florida Home, Nearly Choked Woman to Death - Breitbart.
GO A Florida man whom deputies say entered the U. S. illegally allegedly broke into a woman’s home and almost choked her to death Sunday.
GO Watch: Police and Journalists Attacked During Swedish School Riot.
GO Eleven “youths” have been arrested after a riot broke out at a school in Sweden that saw both police and TV journalists attacked with rocks by an angry mob.
GO White House Vows ‘Emergency Stay’ of Judicial Order Thwarting President’s Immigration Order - Breitbart.
GO The White House issued a statement vowing to file for an emergency stay of a federal judge’s order to block President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting immigration and refugees from high risk countries from the Middle East.
GO Turner Classic Movies Sets 24-Hour Debbie Reynolds Marathon.
GO Turner Classic Movies will present a   marathon of films starring the late Hollywood icon Debbie Reynolds following her death this week at the age of 84.
GO Lindsey Graham: We Have No Other Choice But to Go Nuclear With Gorsuch - Breitbart.
GO Monday on MSNBC while discussing Senate Democrats opposition to President Donald Trump Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch, Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said Republicans have “no other choice” than the nuclear option of lowering the   filibuster threshold for a Supreme Court nominee to a simple majority.
GO Exclusive—Regnery: Why Law Enforcement Will Like Justice Neil Gorsuch - Breitbart.
GO Assuming Senate Democrats cannot torpedo his confirmation, Neil Gorsuch will be a welcome addition to a   Supreme Court often divided over questions of policing, law enforcement, and criminal justice.
GO Schumer: If Trump Changes, We Could Work Together - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said if President Donald Trump were to change, Democrats could work with him.
GO Sean Spicer: Donald Trump Asked Gen. Flynn to Resign After ‘Erosion of Trust’ - Breitbart.
GO White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters at the White House that President Donald Trump asked his national security adviser Gen. Michael Flynn to resign in response to an “erosion” of trust between the two.
GO Cost of Target’s Data Breach Nearing $300 Million.
GO The cost estimate to retail giant Target is now approaching $300 million for damage created by its massive 2013 data breach where the credit card information of some 40 million customers was lost to hackers.
GO Ed Secretary Betsy DeVos: Illegal ‘Students Should Not Be Concerned’ About Losing In-State Tuition - Breitbart.
GO While U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos toured schools in Miami, Florida last week, she told the Miami Herald that illegal immigrant students in Florida “should not be concerned” about losing   tuition because the Trump administration is “very supportive” of states deciding for themselves on such policy.
GO Police: Gang of 5 Arrested for Murders of 2 Colorado High School Students - Breitbart.
GO Police arrested a gang of five Hispanic suspects for the brutal murders of two teenagers whose bodies were found alongside a rural Colorado road, reports say.
GO CNN’s Zakaria: ’Obama Could Have Given’ Trump’s Saudi Speech - Breitbart.
GO Monday on CNN’s “Newsroom,” network Sunday morning host Fareed Zakaria said the speech President Donald Trump gave this weekend in Riyadh could have been given by former President Barack Obama.
GO Gingrich: ‘Hollywood Is So Enraged at Donald Trump That They Can’t Be Funny’ - Breitbart.
GO On this weekend’s broadcast of “Fox News Sunday,” while discussing both Stephen Colbert‘s and Jimmy Kimmel’s political monologues, former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich called Hollywood “enraged” and added “that they can’t be funny” because of it.
GO NYPD: Man Arrested in Connection with Death of Queens Jogger - Breitbart.
GO Police arrested a man in connection with the death of a jogger from Queens, New York, the NYPD announced Sunday.
GO Jorge Ramos: America Is ‘Our Country, Not Theirs’—‘And We Are Not Going to Leave’.
GO Univision senior anchor Jorge Ramos declared on Friday that the United States belongs to Latino migrants, emphatically stating to a   audience that “it is our country, not theirs.
GO Politico: Liberal Media Bubble Even Worse Than You Think.
GO In a report for Politico Magazine, Jack Shafer and Tucker Doherty analyzed the geographical data of where journalists work and determined that the   liberal “media bubble” is even worse than suspected.
GO Pope Francis: The Virgin Mary Was No ‘Couch Potato’.
GO In a video message to young Catholics throughout the world, Pope Francis proposed the Virgin Mary as a model of active Christian discipleship, noting that she was no passive “couch potato.
GO Alyssa Milano: Up to Women to Remove Trump from Office.
GO Actress Alyssa Milano says the task of “removing” President Donald Trump from office is up to the women of the United States.
GO Glasgow’s Queen Margaret Union Bans Live Q&ampA With ’Deplorable’ Milo - Breitbart.
GO The University of Glasgow’s Queen Margaret Union have banned a livestream QA with former Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos, claiming his opinions to be in breach of the union’s constitution.
GO 100 Days: Donald Trump Still Needs Big Win from Congress.
GO President Donald Trump won the 2016 election promising to be a dealmaker, but he has yet to score a big win in Congress after his first 100 days.
GO Daughter and Granddaughter of Black Power Icon Malcolm X Busted for Animal Cruelty, Car Theft - Breitbart.
GO The daughter and granddaughter of famed black power activist Malcolm X were arrested on charges of cruelty to animals as well as car theft, La Plata, Maryland police report.
GO Ellen Burstyn to Star as Elizabeth Warren in Play Based on Trump Cabinet Hearings.
GO   actress Ellen Burstyn will play Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) in a    play based on the contentious Cabinet confirmation hearings for President Donald Trump’s administration, according to a report.
GO Pennsylvania Abortion Clinic Shut Down by Health Department.
GO A Harrisburg, Pennsylvania abortion clinic has been shut down after the state Department of Health found serious violations affecting the safety and health of patients.
GO Cowherd: Curt Schilling’s Politics Keeping Him Out of Hall of Fame - This Is How Sports Media Loses ’Trust of the Public’ - Breitbart.
GO On Thursday, Fox Sports 1 “The Herd” host Colin Cowherd weighed in on the MLB Hall of Fame balloting, saying the sports media is keeping pitching great Curt Schilling off their ballots because of his outspokenness on social media regarding his politics.
GO David Letterman: Trump ’Insulting to America’.
GO Former   host David Letterman took aim at President Donald Trump and the members of his administration in a lengthy interview with New York magazine this week, explaining that he’d still love to interview the real estate    one final time.
GO Oliver Stone: Trump-Russia Connection a ’Path That Leads Nowhere’.
GO Director Oliver Stone believes Democrats’ repeated inquiries into alleged connections between President Donald Trump’s campaign and the Russian government is a “path that leads nowhere.
GO Report: Scientists Produce Blood Stem Cells - Breitbart.
GO Scientists have finally managed to produce   blood stem cells after 20 years of attempts, according to a report.
GO Migrant Boat Landings Up 57%, 1,300 Arrive in Sicily over Weekend.
GO Illegal migrant sea crossings to Italy are up 57 per cent on 2016 so far, with 1, 300 landing in Sicily over the weekend.
GO Hacked email: Dem operatives polled about Muslim faith of Obama’s father.
GO Washington (CNN) A hacked email published by WikiLeaks this week shows that Democratic strategists    including top political allies of Hillary Clinton    were gauging voter attitudes about the Muslim faith of Barack Obama’s father during Clinton’s unsuccessful fight for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination.
GO Clinton on Trump: ’The disturbing stories keep coming’.
GO Seattle (CNN) Hillary Clinton commented on a series of sexual assault allegations leveled against Donald Trump on Friday when she told supporters in Seattle that the ”the disturbing stories keep coming.” Clinton has largely avoided commenting directly on allegations that have rocked Trump’s campaign, instead leaving that to her surrogates while she tries to focus on a more positive message.
GO Hurricane Matthew leaves town under water.
GO Tarboro, North Carolina (CNN) The weather is   nearly a week after Hurricane Matthew unleashed winds and torrential rain on North Carolina’s eastern flatlands    but Princeville still is under water.
GO Donald Trump on India: ’We’re going to be best friends’.
GO Washington (CNN) Donald Trump proclaimed Saturday that if elected, the US would be ”best friends” with India, a comment that could cause consternation in Pakistan.
GO Turkish airstrikes hit Kurdish fighters in Syria .
GO Istanbul (CNN) Turkey says its warplanes have bombed Kurdish fighters in northern Syria, marking what may be the biggest single attack by Turkish forces against   Kurds in that   country since the Turkish military launched an incursion into Syria two months ago.
GO Donald Trump digs a deeper hole.
GO Las Vegas (CNN) Donald Trump used the third and final presidential debate to dig himself into a deeper hole that only increases the threat to his presidential prospects.
GO Florida voting already surpasses entire 2000 election total.
GO Washington (CNN) One day before Election Day, more people have already voted in Florida than did in that state during the entire disputed 2000 election, according to the latest early voting data.
GO Viewers’ guide: Who will control the Senate?.
GO Washington (CNN) The battle for control of the Senate is so close that going into Election Day, there are at least eight races virtually tied, leaving in question which party will control the chamber for the next two years.
GO Supreme Court won’t restore court order against Trump over poll-watching in Ohio.
GO Washington (CNN) The Supreme Court Monday denied an emergency request filed by Democratic lawyers to reinstate a federal court order barring the Trump campaign from engaging in activities that Democrats allege could lead to voter intimidation in Ohio.
GO Clinton, Trump administrations likely stocked with insiders.
GO Washington (CNN) One thing a possible Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton administration would have in common    DC insiders.
GO Political Prediction Market: Clinton’s odds rise again.
GO Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton’s odds of winning the presidency rose from 78% last week to 91% Monday before Election Day, according to CNN’s Political Prediction Market.
GO Meghan Markle: Prince Harry warns press about harassing girlfriend.
GO London (CNN) Britain’s Prince Harry warned the media Tuesday against harassing his American girlfriend, actress Meghan Markle, in a rare statement issued by Kensington Palace.
GO Post-election, the hard work begins.
GO Washington (CNN) The election may be behind   Donald Trump, but his hard work is just beginning.
GO Bernie Sanders’ wife dismisses 2020 White House bid.
GO Washington (CNN) Sen. Bernie Sanders’ wife, Jane, dismissed speculation Friday that her husband was considering another bid for the White House in 2020.
GO Pelosi likely to remain top House Democrat.
GO Washington (CNN) House Democrats are still picking up the pieces after Hillary Clinton’s stunning upset on Tuesday, but are likely to keep Nancy Pelosi in place to continue charting the strategy as their top leader.
GO Merck to pay $950 million for illegal marketing of Vioxx.
GO Washington (CNN) Pharmaceutical giant Merck will plead guilty to charges related to illegal promotional activity for the painkiller Vioxx and pay fines and settlement costs totaling nearly a billion dollars, the Justice Department announced Tuesday.
GO Tens of thousands plan women’s march on Washington.
GO Washington (CNN) Tens of thousands of people say they are participating in a ”Women’s March on Washington” the day after   Donald Trump is inaugurated.
GO Michelle Obama makes third Vogue cover appearance.
GO Washington (CNN) First Lady Michelle Obama is making her third appearance on the cover of Vogue as her days in the White House draw to a close.
GO Michelle Obama reflects on election: ’We are all on one team’.
GO Washington (CNN) First lady Michelle Obama reflected Monday on the election results, declaring that regardless of politics Americans are ”all on one team.” ”I just want to take a moment to echo what my husband said last week about the results of our election,” the first lady said during a speech on ending veteran homelessness in the East Room of the White House.
GO Afghanistan: Suicide bomber kills 4 near Defense Ministry in Kabul.
GO Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) A suicide attack near the Defense Ministry in Kabul has killed at least four people and wounded 11, according to an Afghan official.
GO Obama: Trump tapped into a ’troubling’ strain.
GO Athens, Greece (CNN) President Barack Obama issued a warning Tuesday against ”crude nationalism” in the wake of Donald Trump’s victory, saying during a news conference on his final overseas trip that the   had tapped into a ”troubling” strain of rhetoric playing on Americans’ fears of globalization to win the presidency.
GO Indonesian police investigating Christian governor of Jakarta for blasphemy .
GO Jakarta, Indonesia (CNN) Indonesian police have confirmed that they are investigating the Christian governor of Jakarta for blasphemy in a case that previously triggered mass protests.
GO Chinese scientists use gene-editing techniques in humans for first time.
GO Hong Kong (CNN) Chinese scientists have become the first in the world to use the revolutionary     technique in humans.
GO Why Google knows all about your roof.
GO Marrakech, Morocco (CNN) If you’ve ever thought about putting solar panels on your roof, you know that the process doesn’t exactly qualify as an impulse purchase.
GO Vince Neil now says he’s not playing at inauguration.
GO Washington (CNN) Rocker Vince Neil was singing a different tune Friday night after he said in an interview that he would be playing at   Donald Trump’s inauguration    only to walk back the comments hours later when he was told the invitation was rescinded.
GO Gary Johnson, toughening rhetoric, says Donald Trump is ‘clearly’ racist.
GO      Libertarian presidential nominee Gary Johnson on Sunday went where Hillary Clinton has refused to go, saying Donald Trump is ”clearly” racist.
GO Brawl at ‘family oriented’ country club leaves one dead, others stabbed and beaten.
GO      A North Carolina country club turned into a fight club early Sunday morning after a brawl broke out that left one person dead and several others seriously injured.
GO Alton Sterling’s death appears to be another police shooting that was both legal and preventable.
GO        Early Tuesday morning, two Baton Rouge police officers shot and killed    Alton Sterling, a black man who was selling CDs outside of a convenience store.
GO Drowning death of Navy SEAL trainee ruled a homicide by medical examiner.
GO      The drowning death of a U. S. sailor in Navy SEAL training has been ruled a homicide, with a medical examiner in San Diego determining that a SEAL instructor dunked the sailor in a swimming pool at least twice despite prohibitions against doing so.
GO Chelsea Manning, convicted in WikiLeaks case, hospitalized after reported suicide attempt.
GO        Chelsea Manning, the U. S. soldier sentenced to 35 years in prison for her role in the publication of a vast trove of classified information by the   group WikiLeaks, was hospitalized early Tuesday after what media reports characterized as a suicide attempt.
GO Six things we learned from the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email.
GO        FBI Director James B. Comey spoke Tuesday about the bureau’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s handling of emails while she was secretary of state.
GO Obama: ‘All Americans should be deeply troubled’ by recent police shootings.
GO        President Obama added his voice Thursday to the national outrage over fatal police shootings of two African Americans this week, saying that ”all Americans should be deeply troubled” by the incidents that are indicative of a ”serious problem” of racial bias within the nation’s criminal justice system.
GO Fatal shootings by police are up in the first six months of 2016, Post analysis finds.
GO          As the use of deadly force by police once again roils the nation, the number of fatal shootings by officers increased from 465 in the first six months of last year to 491 for the same period this year, according to an ongoing   study by The Washington Post.
GO Saturn’s moon Titan could have the right chemistry for life.
GO      Titan, Saturn’s aptly named largest moon, is exactly the kind of place we want to visit: NASA describes it as ”one of the most   worlds we have found to date.” It has a dense atmosphere and stable lakes and rivers.
GO Yelling ‘I hate white people’ and punching one isn’t a hate crime, Canadian judge rules.
GO      Tamara Crowchief may have yelled ”I hate white people” as she carried out a violent assault on a white person, but that doesn’t mean her attack was racially motivated, a Canadian judge has ruled.
GO In an apparent first, Dallas police used a robot to deliver bomb that killed shooting suspect.
GO        A standoff between police and one of the suspects in a Dallas shooting spree, which left at least five police officers dead and seven others wounded Thursday night, ended after the suspect was killed when a robot delivered and detonated explosives where he was holed up, according to local law enforcement officials.
GO Rudy Giuliani: Black fathers need to teach kids ‘the real danger to them is not the police’.
GO        Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani on Sunday said that black Americans must teach their children to respect law enforcement and that the “real danger” to them is violence within the black community itself.
GO Two bailiffs killed, deputy sheriff injured in Michigan courthouse shooting.
GO        Two bailiffs were killed and a deputy sheriff wounded in a shooting Monday afternoon at a courthouse in Berrien County, Mich. authorities said.
GO Yale dishwasher resigns after smashing ‘racist, very degrading’ stained-glass window.
GO      A black Yale University dishwasher has resigned after he said he smashed a “racist, very degrading”   window at the school that depicted slaves picking cotton.
GO How a modest contract for ‘applied research’ morphed into the CIA’s brutal interrogation program.
GO        The architect of the CIA’s brutal interrogation program was hired for the job through a secret contract in late 2001 that outlined the assignment with Orwellian euphemism.
GO Where in the world is Turkey’s president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan?.
GO      Amid an attempted military coup in Turkey, one key player’s whereabouts are still murky: President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
GO Fethullah Gulen: The Islamic scholar Turkey blames for the failed coup.
GO      The man that Turkey’s leaders have blamed for a failed coup attempt by a group of army officers is an Islamic scholar named Fethullah Gulen, who lives in   exile in Pennsylvania and who has inspired a network said to include more than 160 charter schools in the United States.
GO Police: Officers in Baton Rouge were ‘targeted and assassinated’.
GO        Authorities said Monday that they believe the gunman who opened fire in Baton Rouge a day earlier, killing three police officers and injuring three others before he was fatally shot by a SWAT team, was specifically after law enforcement officers in the city.
GO The GOP is picking an incompetent candidate.
GO        As we head to Cleveland today, we certainly have been reminded that the GOP electorate picked someone as its nominee who is not only unfit to govern but entirely incapable of running a national campaign.
GO Elderly Zika patient in Utah may have infected a family contact.
GO        An elderly Utah man who died after contracting Zika from travel abroad may have spread the virus to a family contact who did not leave the country, raising troubling questions about a possible new route of transmission of the   virus, state and federal officials said Monday.
GO What George W. Bush’s chief speechwriter thinks of the Melania Trump mess.
GO        In the wake of the media maelstrom over Melania Trump’s lifting of several passages from a speech Michelle Obama gave in 2008, I reached out to Michael Gerson, the chief speechwriter for George W. Bush.
GO Secret Service investigates Trump adviser who said Clinton should be executed.
GO        The Secret Service is investigating one of Donald Trump’s most outspoken supporters, a New Hampshire state representative who said this week that Hillary Clinton should be shot for treason.
GO How the fall of the godfather of conservative media could save the GOP.
GO      Roger Ailes, the creator and chief of the Fox News Channel, is being forced out of his position atop the conservative media hierarchy in the wake of a series of sexual harassment allegations begun by former Fox personality Gretchen Carlson.
GO Park Service To Drain Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool After 80 Ducks Die.
GO The National Park Service announced it will drain and clean the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool, after a   parasite killed approximately 80 ducks there since May 20.
GO Adam West, Who Played The Dark Knight At His Brightest, Dies At 88.
GO Updated at 1:04 p. m. ET, Adam West, the actor behind one of the most beloved and enduring renditions of Batman, died Friday night at age 88.
GO Another Federal Appeals Court Says Trump’s Travel Ban Should Remain On Hold.
GO Updated at 6:20 p. m. ET, The 9th U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled that a preliminary injunction blocking President Trump’s travel ban should remain in effect, at least for now.
GO One Year After Pulse Shooting, Orlando Honors Those Who Died.
GO Monday marks the anniversary of the deadliest mass shooting in modern U. S. history, when a gunman opened fire at Pulse nightclub in Orlando last year.
GO American Otto Warmbier Has Been Released From A North Korean Prison.
GO Updated at 1 p. m. ET, North Korea has released American college student Otto Warmbier, who is on his way back to the U. S. and won’t be forced to serve a   prison term, according to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
GO At Least 4 Killed, Including Gunman, In Workplace Shooting In San Francisco.
GO Updated at 3:26 p. m. ET, A gunman opened fire at a UPS facility in San Francisco on Wednesday morning, killing three people and later dying of a   wound, police say.
GO Michigan Health Chief Charged With Involuntary Manslaughter In Flint Water Crisis.
GO The director of Michigan’s Department of Health and Human Services, Nick Lyon, has been charged with involuntary manslaughter and misconduct in office over the Flint water crisis.
GO Vice President Pence Hires Outside Lawyer To Deal With Russia Inquiries.
GO Updated at 6:37 p. m. ET, Less than a month after President Trump hired an outside lawyer to deal with inquiries related to the Russia investigations, Vice President Pence has followed suit.
GO Amid Ongoing Violence In Marawi, A Journalist Takes A Bullet.
GO Australian journalist Adam Harvey was struck with a bullet to the neck Thursday while covering the fighting in the southern Philippine city of Marawi.
GO Learning The Lessons Of TV Fatherhood.
GO It sounds like the title to an awful,   memoir: Everything I learned about fatherhood, I learned from TV.
GO This Week, Will The Russia Story Actually Be About Russia?.
GO Updated 11:00 a. m. ET Saturday, This week, Washington is looking ahead to another stretch in which the time is always news o’clock and the stories just don’t stop.
GO Jay Z Announces New Album, ’4:44’.
GO On the heels of his historic induction into the Songwriters Hall of Fame (and amid unconfirmed rumors of new arrivals to his family) Jay Z has announced his thirteenth solo studio album, 4:44, to be released on June 30.
GO 79 People Are Believed Dead In London’s Grenfell Tower Apartment Fire.
GO ”I’m afraid to say there are now 79 people that we believe are either dead” or presumed dead in London’s Grenfell Tower fire, Metropolitan Police Cmdr.
GO Ford Shifts Focus (Again): Car Will Be Imported To U.S. From China, Not Mexico.
GO The   Ford Focus will be built in China and exported for sale in the U. S. Ford Motor Co. said Tuesday, abandoning a plan to build the small car in Mexico.
GO Why You Should Play Video Games.
GO There is a certain kind of look I get when I tell people how much I love video games.
GO Tour Company Used By Otto Warmbier Will Stop Taking Americans To North Korea.
GO Young Pioneer Tours, the travel company that took Otto Warmbier on a fateful trip to North Korea, will no longer take U. S. citizens into North Korea.
GO Former Milwaukee Officer Found Not Guilty In Shooting Death Of Black Man.
GO Updated at 5:54 p. m. ET, A jury has found a former Milwaukee police officer not guilty of   reckless homicide in the shooting death of Sylville Smith, a    black man, last August.
GO Portugal Wrests Control Over Wildfire That Killed More Than 60 People.
GO Firefighters in Portugal have gained control over a wildfire that swept through central Portugal over the weekend and killed at least 64 people, authorities said Wednesday.
GO Shooting At GOP Baseball Practice Seems To Have Been Spontaneous, FBI Says.
GO A top FBI official says that the man who opened fire at a Republican baseball practice a week ago didn’t appear to be targeting a specific individual and that the attack appears to have been spontaneous.
GO After 42 Years, Yellowstone Grizzly Will Be Taken Off Endangered Species List.
GO For the first time in more than four decades, the Yellowstone grizzly bear is set to lose its federal protections under the Endangered Species Act.
GO Church Of England ’Colluded And Concealed’ Bishop’s Sex Abuse, Leader Says.
GO When faced with allegations of sex abuse against one of its bishops, the Church of England ”colluded and concealed rather than seeking to help those who were brave enough to come forward,” the church’s leader acknowledged Thursday.
GO In North Carolina, No Is Not Always No, If The Sex Has Already Started.
GO While college campuses struggle with consent, and when and how ”no means no,” a nearly    court case in North Carolina says a person can’t be charged with rape if their partner revokes consent during sex.
GO At Least 10 Dead, More Than 90 Missing After Landslide In Southwest China.
GO Updated 8:51 a. m. ET Sunday, More than 90 people remain missing after rescuers found 10 bodies among the debris of a landslide in the town of Xinmo in southwest China’s Sichuan province that happened Saturday.
GO Supreme Court Revives Parts Of Trump’s Travel Ban As It Agrees To Hear Case.
GO The Supreme Court says it will decide the fate of President Trump’s revised travel ban, agreeing to hear arguments over immigration cases that were filed in federal courts in Hawaii and Maryland and allowing parts of the ban that has been on hold since March to take effect.
GO Wells Fargo CEO pummeled on Capitol Hill over multiyear scam.
GO          Wells Fargo’s longtime chief executive John Stumpf endured more than two hours of pummeling Tuesday on Capitol Hill over a scheme in which bank employees created millions of sham accounts to meet aggressive sales goals.
GO U.S. forces are using white phosphorus munitions in Iraq but it’s unclear exactly how.
GO      U. S. forces are using white phosphorus munitions in their fight against the Islamic State based on pictures and videos posted online by the Pentagon, but it is unclear exactly how the controversial armament is being employed.
GO Two Army generals have been relieved of their duties.
GO      An Army National Guard brigadier general assigned to the Joint Chiefs of Staff and a major general in charge of a   infantry division have been recently relieved of their duties, according to a report in USA Today and an Army statement released Friday.
GO Kellyanne Conway just criticized Obama’s response to Trump claims about black Americans.
GO      In an interview aired Sunday on ABC’s ”This Week,” the manager of Donald Trump’s campaign, Kellyanne Conway, chided President Obama for his response to claims by the Republican presidential nominee that life has never ”ever” been worse for African Americans than it is today.
GO An Ivy League professor on why colleges don’t hire more faculty of color: ‘We don’t want them’.
GO      In “The five things no one will tell you about why colleges don’t hire more faculty of color,” a piece first published in the Hechinger Report, Marybeth Gasman took on a common question: Why aren’t college faculties more racially diverse?
GO Rudy Giuliani is out-Trumping Donald Trump these days.
GO      If you’ve been paying attention to the presidential race over the past two months or so, you’ll notice that Rudy Giuliani has repeatedly been willing to say things about Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton that no one else would    not even Donald Trump.
GO Steve Case: Why I’m voting for Hillary Clinton.
GO    Steve Case, a   of America Online, is chairman and chief executive of Revolution and author of “The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future.
GO Donald Trump’s defense of not paying taxes is remarkable.
GO    Donald Trump isn’t afraid of being labeled as the guy who avoids paying taxes.
GO Stunning photos that tell the story of the Panama Canal expansion.
GO      “When the Panama Canal expansion is complete, one of man and the world’s greatest marvels will forever change the landscape, the economy, and the people of Panama,” says photographer Andrew Kaufman in his artist statement for his project,”The Isthmus,” a photo book on Panama and the Panama Canal expansion.
GO First it was Samsung phones. Now it’s exploding Samsung washing machines..
GO    A photo of one of the affected Samsung washing machines, which exploded and was listed in the federal class action lawsuit filed against the company in August.
GO Duterte: Hitler killed millions of Jews, I will kill millions of drug addicts.
GO          Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte on Friday compared his campaign to kill criminals to the Holocaust, saying he would like to ”slaughter” millions of addicts just like Adolf Hitler ”massacred” millions of Jewish people.
GO South Carolina boy dies days after he was shot at an elementary school.
GO      A    boy died Saturday after being shot last week while heading to the playground at his South Carolina elementary school by a teenager, who is believed to have killed his own father.
GO How corporations can be a force for good.
GO    Tom Wilson is chairman and chief executive officer of the Allstate Corporation and vice chairman of the U. S. Chamber of Commerce.
GO 53 percent of people in new WaPo-ABC poll say Hillary Clinton won the debate.
GO          Almost three times as many Americans say Hillary Clinton won last Monday’s debate than Donald Trump, with the Democratic nominee regaining a clear favorability advantage over the Republican, according to a new Washington   News poll.
GO This ‘Apprentice’ story would kill most candidacies. For Trump, it’s just another Monday..
GO      The headline alone would send a shudder down the spine of most elected officials: ”’Apprentice’ cast and crew say Trump was lewd and sexist.” That’s the top of a story from the Associated Press posted Monday morning that details Trump’s   behavior toward women who both appeared and worked on his hit TV show ”The Apprentice.” The AP talked to 20(!)
GO Bad News For Kids Who Don’t Like Flu Shots.
GO It’s time to brace the kids who don’t like getting their flu shots for some disappointing news.
GO After Supreme Court Defeat, Obama Says Immigration Question Now Up To Voters .
GO Reacting to a deadlocked Supreme Court, President Obama said the ball is now in the court of the American voters when it comes to immigration.
GO Scores Of People Killed After Powerful Tornado Slams Into Eastern China.
GO A powerful tornado, hailstorms and heavy rain hit eastern China’s Jiangsu province Thursday, killing at least 78 people, the official Xinhua news agency reported.
GO Invisibilia: Is Your Personality Fixed, Or Can You Change Who You Are?.
GO Editor’s note: This is an excerpt from the latest episode of the Invisibilia podcast and program, which is broadcast on participating public radio stations.
GO The $5 Billion Panama Canal Expansion Opens Sunday, Amidst Shipping Concerns.
GO After more than $5 billion and close to a decade of construction, Panama opens the long awaited expansion of its storied canal.
GO Bill Cunningham, Iconic ’New York Times’ Photographer, Dies At 87.
GO Legendary New York Times fashion photographer Bill Cunningham, beloved for his   images, has died at the age of 87.
GO Attack At Istanbul’s International Airport Kills More Than 30 People.
GO Updated at 9 p. m. ET, At least 36 people died in an attack on Istanbul’s Ataturk International Airport Tuesday night, according to Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim.
GO Obama: Trump Hasn’t Captured ’Zeitgeist Of The Country’ .
GO Donald Trump may have clinched the GOP nomination and commands attention with his unorthodox presidential campaign, but President Obama says Trump’s record low favorability ratings show he hasn’t won over the hearts and minds of the country just yet.
GO California To Vote On Legalizing Recreational Marijuana.
GO Voters in California will decide this November whether to legalize the use of recreational marijuana in the nation’s most populous state.
GO Biden: Bernie Sanders Is ’Going To Endorse’ Hillary Clinton.
GO Updated at 8:40 p. m. ET, Vice President Joe Biden is confident that Bernie Sanders is going to endorse Hillary Clinton and that the Democratic party will unify.
GO Boris Johnson Says He Won’t Run For Prime Minister.
GO Boris Johnson, who was widely considered a top candidate for U. K. prime minister once David Cameron steps down, has announced he will not be seeking the position.
GO Did Obama Inspire A Big Debate On Identity? You Weighed In.
GO Last week, Code Switch raised the curtain on ”The Obama Effect,” our quest to understand what the nation’s first black president has to do with the big national conversations on identity and inclusion swirling in full force right now.
GO Bangladesh Army: 20 Hostages Killed, 13 Rescued In Dhaka Attack.
GO At least 20 people were killed before Bangladesh police forces were able to rescue 13 hostages held by armed attackers at a café in the country’s capital, Dhaka, following a   standoff.
GO New Abortion Rules Blocked In Florida, Indiana Hours Before Taking Effect.
GO Federal judges have blocked new restrictions on access to abortions in Florida and Indiana just hours before laws in those states were set to take effect.
GO More Than Airplanes Are Riding On Boeing’s Deal With Iran.
GO There are still skeptics and lots of potential problems, but a tentative airplane deal between Boeing and Iran seems to be moving forward.
GO Campaign Reminder Of The Week: No Man (Or Woman) Is An Island.
GO Though no reminder should have been necessary, the presumptive White House nominees of both major parties each got one this week: No matter how unique a political personality may seem, no one runs for president alone.
GO Iraqis Vent Anger And Blame Over Baghdad Bombing That Killed At Least 157.
GO The death toll from Sunday’s bombing of a crowded street in central Baghdad has risen to at least 157, and Iraqis have responded angrily, blaming politicians and security agencies for not securing their capital.
GO Watch Jamie xx’s Incredible Video For ’Gosh’.
GO The new video from Jamie xx, for the song ”Gosh,” is a small wonder to behold.
GO When I Was Diagnosed With Bipolar Disorder, People Thought I Was Cursed.
GO When I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in Nairobi, Kenya, in 2008, at the age of 24, all I wanted to know was whether I would be all right.
GO Attorney General: Hillary Clinton Email Case Is Closed.
GO Attorney General Loretta Lynch, accepting the recommendation of FBI Director James Comey and others in the Department of Justice, is formally closing the investigation of Hillary Clinton’s private email server without bringing any criminal charges.
GO Former Fox News Anchor Gretchen Carlson Sues Roger Ailes For Harassment.
GO Fox News Chairman Roger Ailes has been sued for sexual harassment by a longtime Fox News host and anchor who alleges her career suffered at the network because she refused his sexual advances.
GO What We Know About The Dallas Suspected Gunman.
GO The name of the suspected gunman killed in Dallas is Micah Xavier Johnson, two federal law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation tell NPR.
GO Some Delegates May Carry Guns Around Cleveland During Republican Convention.
GO The list of items banned from downtown Cleveland during this month’s upcoming Republican National Convention includes tennis balls, grappling hooks and canned goods.
GO Serena Williams Wins Wimbledon In Straight Sets For 22nd Grand Slam Title.
GO If she wasn’t already one of the best tennis players ever, Serena Williams solidified her case Saturday by winning Wimbledon in straight sets for her 22nd Grand Slam title.
GO The Humble Postage Stamp Reveals A Lot About A Country.
GO For    Adnan Hussain Nanjee of Karachi, Pakistan, postage stamps are more than just postage stamps: They tell the history of his country.
GO In Dallas, An Already-Embattled Police Department Mourns.
GO The calculated killing of five uniformed officers would be traumatic for any metropolitan police department in America, but it has fallen especially hard in Dallas, where the police force already suffers from low pay and poor morale.
GO 30,000 Civilians Take Refuge At U.N. Base As Fighting Escalates In South Sudan.
GO As fighting continues in South Sudan, tens of thousands of civilians have taken refuge inside a U. N. base, The Associated Press reports.
GO Karen Handel: ‘I Do Not Support A Livable Wage’ (VIDEO).
GO During Tuesday night’s debate for anÂ open U. S. House seat in Georgia, Republican candidate Karen Handel said that she does not support a “livable wage.
GO Qatar Ambassador: It Was ‘Unfortunate’ To See Trump’s Tweets Cutting Ties.
GO Qatar’s ambassador to the United States on Tuesday had an understated response to President Donald Trump’s tweets abruptly cutting ties with the Gulf state and apparently taking credit for the breakdown of its diplomatic relations with several other nations.
GO Acting FBI Head: Comey-Trump Talks Could Be Part Of Special Counsel Probe.
GO Private conversations between President Donald Trump and fired FBI Director James Comey could be part of the special counsel investigation into Russia’s interference in the 2016 election, according to the bureau’s acting head.
GO Comey: Russia ‘Will Be Back’ To Interfere In Future US Elections.
GO Fired FBI Director James Comey on Thursday said that Russia “will be back” to interfere in future U. S. elections.
GO Did Comey Save Trump from Himself.
GO Here’s an email from a former federal prosecutor with long experience in public corruption investigations, who thinks Comey ended up saving Trump from himself   …     I’ve got a somewhat different take on the Comey statement and what it might mean from the perspective of the investigators.
GO NBC: Kushner To Meet With Senate Intelligence Committee Staffers In June.
GO Senior White House aide Jared Kushner is scheduled to meet in June with Senate Intelligence Committee staffers, NBC News reported late Thursday.
GO Comey: Flynn Was Under Investigation For Potentially Misleading FBI (VIDEO).
GO Fired FBI Director James Comey confirmed that ousted National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was under investigation for potentially misleading investigators.
GO Jeff Sessions Pushes Back On Parts Of Comey’s Testimony.
GO A spokesman for Attorney General Jeff Sessions late Thursday pushed back on several aspects of James Comey’s Senate testimony after the former FBI director raised new questions about Sessions’ actions before and after he recused himself from the federal investigation of Russia’s interference in the U. S. election.
GO Dem Senator: ‘I Would Expect’ Mueller To Depose Trump At Some Point (VIDEO).
GO Following former FBI Director James Comey’s blockbuster Senate testimony, Sen. Jack Reed ( ) said Friday that he believes Robert Mueller, the special counsel overseeing the federal investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election, may depose President Donald Trump.
GO McCain: ‘American Leadership’ Abroad Was Better Under Obama.
GO Sen. John McCain ( ) said that “American leadership” on the global stage was better under President Barack Obama than it is under President Donald Trump, according to a Sunday report in The Guardian.
GO Schumer And His Staff Mock Trump’s Praise-Filled Cabinet Meeting (VIDEO).
GO Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) and his staff on Monday recorded a video mocking President Donald Trump and a bizarre televised portion of his Monday Cabinet meeting during members took turns thanking Trump for the opportunity to serve in his administration.
GO Ivanka Trump: I Wasn’t Expecting This ‘Level Of Viciousness’ In DC (VIDEO).
GO Ivanka Trump on Monday morning told the hosts of “Fox and Friends” that she wasn’t expecting the “level of viciousness” she has experienced since her father was elected president.
GO Secret Service Says It Has No Audio Recordings, Transcripts From Trump WH.
GO The Secret Service on Monday said it has no copies or transcripts of audio recordings made within the White House during President Donald Trump’s term so far, though Trump appeared to suggest a recording system may exist inside the Oval Office.
GO Steve King Partly Blames Obama For Divisive Politics That Led To Shooting.
GO Rep. Steve King ( ) a longtime proponent of the “birther” conspiracy theory aimed at undermining Barack Obama’s presidency, on Wednesday partly blamed the former President for political divisions King claimed led to a shooting at congressional Republicans’ baseball practice that left six people injured.
GO White House: Trump Has ‘Right’ To Fire Mueller But Has ‘No Intention’ To Do So.
GO Deputy White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders on Thursday said President Donald Trump has “no intention” of firing former FBI head Robert Mueller as special counsel overseeing the federal probe into Russian election meddling.
GO Price Won’t Say If House O’Care Bill Is ‘Mean’ When Confronted By Dems.
GO Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price couldn’t say whether the House Obamacare repeal bill was “mean” when confronted by Democrats with reports that President Trump claimed as such in a White House health care meeting with Senate Republicans.
GO Trump’s Personal Attorney Cohen Has Lawyered Up Himself For Russia Probe.
GO Michael Cohen, longtime personal attorney to President Donald Trump, has retained his own legal counsel to handle the sprawling probe into Russian interference in the U. S. election.
GO Feinstein: Trump Tweets Make Me Worry He’ll Try To Fire Mueller, Deputy AG.
GO Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) warned Friday that President Donald Trump’s tweets were making her “increasingly concerned” that he intends to oust the two officials overseeing the sprawling federal investigation into Russia’s election interference: Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and the special counsel he appointed, Robert Mueller.
GO Schiff: Trump’s Team Is Using ‘Scorched Earth’ Tactics To Undermine Mueller.
GO Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) on Sunday said President Donald Trump’s team is using “scorched earth” tactics to undermine anything Robert Mueller discovers as special counsel overseeing the probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
GO Gingrich: ‘No Idea’ What Trump Meant By Tweet Appearing To Confirm Probe.
GO Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a staunch supporter of President Donald Trump, on Sunday said he had “no idea” what Trump was trying to do with a tweet that appeared to confirm he is personally under federal investigation.
GO Conway: Trump’s Tweet Appearing To Confirm Federal Investigation Was Ironic.
GO Senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway on Monday said President Donald Trump was being ironic in a tweet that appeared to confirm he was under federal investigation.
GO Trump (Finally) Confirms He Has No ‘Tapes’ Of Comey.
GO After a bizarre few weeks of obfuscation by the White House, President Donald Trump finally admitted Thursday that he has no “tapes” of   Director James Comey.
GO READ: Senate Republicans Release Obamacare Repeal Bill.
GO Senate Republicans unveiled an Obamacare repeal bill Thursday that would impose deeper   cuts to Medicaid than the House version, eliminate the bulk of the Affordable Care Act’s taxes and offer tax credits for individual insurance plans that are technically more generous than the House’s versions, particularly for lower income people, but still far stingier than the subsidies under current law.
GO MAP: Where Obamacare Repeal Would Hit The Hardest.
GO A new interactive map reveals who would be most affected by the Republican Obamacare repeal bill, where those Americans live and what the effects would be.
GO Defending Senate Repeal Effort, Trump Trashes Obamacare.
GO President Donald Trump on Saturday defended Senate Republicans’ Obamacare repeal by arguing against the law it seeks to roll back.
GO GOP Senator Says He Wants More Time Before Voting On Obamacare Repeal Bill.
GO Sen. Bill Cassidy ( ) on Sunday said he has not decided whether or not to support his colleagues’ version of the bill to repeal and replace Obamacare and wants more time to consider it.
GO Trump Relitigates Democratic Primary (Again) More Than A Year After It Ended.
GO President Donald Trump on Sunday morning relitigated the Democratic primaries, which ended more than a year ago, in one of his regular early morning tweets.
GO New Trump Video Hits Obama For Joking About Seeing ’Star Wars’.
GO Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump took President Obama to task for joking about his ”Star Wars” fandom in a new Instagram video posted Tuesday afternoon, which opens with a booming ”WE ARE IN A SERIOUS WAR.” The video intersperses news broadcast footage about the growing threat of the Islamic State interspersed with    text in all caps.
GO Colbert: Donald Trump Is ’My Old Character With $10 Billion’ (VIDEO).
GO Stephen Colbert says that Donald Trump plays his old character on Comedy Central’s ”The Colbert Report” better than he did.
GO Reporter Among Those Surprised To Learn They Are Trump’s NH Town Chairs.
GO A few New Hampshire residents, including a reporter, said they were listed as town chairs supporting Donald Trump’s presidential bid even though they don’t recall signing up for the slot and don’t plan on supporting the candidate.
GO The Year In Trump: How The GOP Grappled With His Unlikely Rise.
GO The most unexpected political story this year was arguably Donald Trump’s domination of the early stages of the Republican 2016 primary.
GO ABC Host Grills Carson On Staffer Shake-Up: Were You Going To Fire Them?.
GO ABC News host Martha Raddatz grilled Republican presidential candidate Ben carson in an interview aired Sunday over his staffer   pressing him for details and pointedly asking if he had planned to fire his aides.
GO GOP Lawmaker Asks How He Can Support Bundy’s Militia Effort In Oregon.
GO Tennessee state Rep. Andy Holt (R) asked on Twitter early Monday morning how he could support the armed militia who have taken over a federal building in rural Oregon under the leadership of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy’s son, Ammon.
GO Trump Lawyer: Using Morocco Vid In U.S. Border Ad Was A ’Mistake’.
GO One day after Republican Donald Trump’s campaign manager said using footage of Morocco in an ad about the U. S. border with Mexico was ”1, 000 percent on purpose,” the billionaire’s lawyer called the move a ”mistake.” Michael Cohen, special counsel to Trump and executive vice president of the Trump Organization, said on CNN Tuesday there’s ”no doubt” someone made a mistake, but the message behind the Republican’s first TV ad still stands.
GO Fox Business Network To Debaters: We Won’t Show An Empty Podium.
GO The Fox Business Network told Republican presidential candidates that it wouldn’t show an empty podium at its next GOP debate as long as they followed the rules in a memo obtained Tuesday by Politico.
GO Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field By 14 Points In New Hampshire.
GO Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump maintained his frontrunner status in New Hampshire in a new poll out Wednesday, besting second place Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) by 14 points among GOP primary voters.
GO Ann Coulter Now Suggests Ted Cruz Isn’t A ‘Natural Born Citizen’.
GO Conservative pundit Ann Coulter, who once dismissed birthers as ”cranks,” suggested Wednesday that Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) may be ineligible for the presidency because he is not a “natural born citizen.” In a series of tweets, Coulter, an ardent   advocate, suggested that Cruz was not a ”natural born citizen,” a requirement to run for President outlined in the Constitution: NYT: Cruz was born outside the U. S. to 1 American parent: ”Under the Constitution this makes him a ’natural born citizen.
GO Rand Paul: Cruz Is Definitely Qualified To Be Canada’s Prime Minister.
GO Republican presidential candidate Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said Wednesday that GOP rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) was qualified to be the prime minister of Canada, but dodged answering directly whether he thought Cruz was qualified for the United States presidency.
GO Police Fatally Shoot Armed Man Ranting About Obama’s Gun Control Policy.
GO Police shot and killed a California man who opened fire on an apartment building Tuesday night while ranting incoherently about President Obama’s new gun control policy.
GO Carson: Cruz’s Canadian Birth Should Not Keep Him From Presidential Bid.
GO Ben Carson on Thursday said that he doesn’t believe the fact that Sen. Ted Cruz was born in Canada should keep the Texas senator from running for president.
GO Ben Carson Says He Was Recruited To Be House Speaker In 2014.
GO House conservatives tried to recruit retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson to run for speaker of the House in 2014, the Republican presidential candidate told The Hill on Thursday.
GO Obama Will Leave Seat Empty At State Of The Union For Gun Violence Victims.
GO The White House announced Friday afternoon a seat at the President’s final State of the Union address guest box will be left empty to honor the victims of gun violence.
GO Poll: Trump Leading By 18 Points In New Hampshire.
GO Donald Trump maintained a commanding lead among Republican primary voters in New Hampshire, earning 33 percent support in a Fox News poll released Friday.
GO Marco Rubio: Obama Would Take Away Americans’ Guns ’If He Could’ (VIDEO).
GO Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) on Sunday defended recent comments he made that President Obama wants to take away Americans’ guns during a heated interview with ABC’s George Stephanopoulos.
GO McConnell: Senate Won’t Weigh In On Cruz’s Birther Debacle.
GO Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) said the Senate will not weigh in on the constitutionality of Sen. Ted Cruz’s ( ) presidential run during an interview with ABC’s ”This Week” on Sunday.
GO Nope, That’s Not True.
GO You don’t go to campaign operatives for impartial opinions.
GO Microsoft employees took to an anonymous chat app to rejoice after their COO left.
GO ’’ ’How do Microsoft employees feel about the departure of   COO Kevin Turner?’ ’Pretty happy, according to chatter on an anonymous chat app called Blind, shared with Business Insider by a Microsoft employee.’ ’Blind is an anonymous messaging app for employees where they can chat with their colleagues or with people from other companies, about any topic they desire.’ ”Over 100 Microsoft employees took to Blind to talk and gossip about it.
GO 13 hobbies highly successful people practice in their spare time.
GO ’The most successful people know there is more to life than simply eating, sleeping, and working.’ ’Everyone needs to enjoy some downtime every now and then, and making the most of your free time by taking up a hobby .’ ’ for example, can stimulate your creativity, analytical skills, and fine motor skills.’ ’For a little inspiration, here are the hobbies of 13 highly successful people:’
GO A change coming to your iPhone will help you sleep better.
GO ’’ ”Can’t sleep?” ’Buried in the dozens of new features coming to iOS 10 this fall is one that can help out.’ ”The new clock app doesn’t just have a new dark theme, it also has a section called Bedtime, a new take on the recurring alarm clock that goes the extra step by reminding you to go to sleep so you get all the rest you need.” ’The setup is pretty simple.
GO Goldman Sachs beats on Q2 earnings.
GO ’’ ’Goldman Sachs just reported   earnings that beat on the top and bottom lines.’ ’The firm reported earnings per share of $3.
GO Microsoft just released an iPhone app it says takes better photos than Apple’s camera.
GO ’’ ’   Microsoft Research announced a new app for the Apple iPhone on   Wednesday that uses artificial intelligence to take better   photos.
GO What it’s like to work for the Valley’s most secretive startup, Palantir.
GO ’One of the most prominent startups in Silicon Valley, Palantir, has been in the news a lot the past few months.’ ”Palantir was cofounded by one of the Valley’s most powerful, and most colorful, VCs, Peter Thiel.
GO LinkedIn’s CEO just gave his $14 million stock bonus to his employees.
GO ’’ ’LinkedIn CEO Jeff Weiner is taking one for the team and forgoing his $14 million stock bonus to give it back to his employees.’ ”The move is sure to boost morale among employees after the company’s stock value took a drubbing following its earnings report in February.
GO For the first time, Mac users have to worry about malware that locks their computer and demands a ransom.
GO ’’ ’Ransomware, a type of malware that encrypts all the data on your computer until you pay the attackers a ransom (often in bitcoins) has been ’ ’And now the first successful ransomware attack on Mac users occurred this weekend, using malware designed to lock files on a targeted computer three days after infection, .
GO Rubio’s campaign is blasting a CNN report that says his advisers are telling him to drop out.
GO ’’ ’CNN is standing by its report that senior campaign advisers for Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida have urged him to drop out of the Republican primary.’ ’CNN correspondent Jamie Gangel reported on Monday that, despite Rubio’’s confidence in his chances of winning his home state of Florida on March 15, ”there’’s been a serious internal debate .
GO Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff says there’s a major shift happening in business software.
GO ’’ ”Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff says there’s a huge shift taking place in the business software space that’ll shape the future: smarter and more predictive software.” ’Speaking at the Forbes CIO Summit on Monday, Benioff shared his thoughts on the future of enterprise software and pointed out that systems capable of analyzing data and recommending the right course of action will be where the next wave of opportunity comes from.’ ”Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff says there’s a huge.
GO Donald Trump projected to win 2 big states.
GO ”Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump notched two key wins on Tuesday, further paving his path to his party’s nomination.” ’Not longer after polls closed in Mississippi and Michigan on Tuesday evening, multiple news networks projected that the   developer would win both states.’ ’Trump will likely win the majority of the 99 combined delegates from the two states.’ ’Meanwhile, his rivals are left fighting for the remaining delegates and hoping that they win the two remaining, smaller states to weigh in on the race Tuesday: Idaho and Hawaii.
GO The White House is down to 3 possible picks for the US Supreme Court.
GO ’’ ’The White House has narrowed its search for a Supreme Court nominee to three federal appeals court judges, Sri Srinivasan, Merrick Garland and Paul Watford, a source familiar with the selection process said on Friday.’ ’Srinivasan and Garland are considered the leading contenders, according to the source and two other sources close to the process.’ ’President Barack Obama is seeking a nominee to replace   conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died on Feb. 13.
GO Buying vs. leasing a car: what to keep in mind.
GO ’’ ’According to a 2016 survey, .’ ’But should you?’ ’To help with your decision, we highlighted the key differences between the two options in the chart below:’ ’’ ’The bottom line on buying: Cars are the classic example of a depreciating asset.
GO Ankara court bans Facebook and Twitter after images of explosion were shared online.
GO ’An Ankara court ordered a ban on access to Facebook, Twitter and other sites in Turkey on Sunday, after images from a car bombing in the Turkish capital were shared on social media, broadcasters CNN Turk and NTV reported.’ ’Several local users reported difficulty in accessing the sites.
GO 9 mythical-looking animals that actually exist in the wild.
GO ”Most of the world’s animals are fairly normal looking, but every once in a while we come across something that looks like it jumped straight out of a fantasy movie.” ’Check out these amazingly unique animals who seem almost mythical in nature.
GO Live US Hellfire missiles found on a passenger flight in Serbia.
GO ”Serbia’s authorities are investigating reports that a cargo package bound for the US containing two missiles with explosive warheads was found on a passenger flight from Lebanon to Serbia.” ’N1 television said the package with two guided   missiles was discovered Saturday by a sniffer dog after an Air Serbia flight from Beirut landed at Belgrade airport.’ ’Serbian media say documents listed the final destination for the   Hellfire missiles as Portland, Oregon.
GO The US now believes that it killed ISIS’ military mastermind in an airstrike.
GO ’’ ”The US believes that it successfully killed one of ISIS’ most successful military leaders in a March 4 airstrike in Syria.” ’The attack in northeastern Syria was aimed against ISIS’’ ”minister of war,” Omar   aka Omar the Chechen.
GO Bill Ackman is having the worst year in his fund’s history.
GO ’’ ”Hedge fund billionaire Bill Ackman, founder of $12 billion Pershing Square Capital, is having the worst year in his fund’s history.” ”Pershing Square Holdings, his fund’s publicly traded vehicle, has fallen 26.
GO Thank you, surge, may I have another?.
GO ’’ ’Late last night, around 10:30pm (“late” for parents) my brother (who is visiting from the NYC area) and I were standing in my kitchen as he was getting an UberX to head back to the city.’ ’There’s never really surge at that time.
GO Google just scored a huge win against Amazon by landing Apple as a customer.
GO ’’ ”It’s been only four months since Google convinced enterprise queen Diane Greene to lead its fledgling   business, but she’s already scored a second huge coup for Google: landing Apple as a customer which is not good news from Amazon.” ”Apple has reportedly signed a contract worth between $400 million and $600 million to use Google’s Cloud Platform, ” ”It’s not clear if that’s the annual or total value of the contract, or if the money will be taken directly away from what Apple spends on Amazon Web Services (AWS) or not.
GO A professor in Iran came up with an ingenious method for criticizing the government without getting imprisoned.
GO ’’ ”In the final years before the 1979 Iranian revolution, political freedom in Iran was so restricted that professors caught criticizing the Shah’s regime risked imprisonment.” ’The repressive environment forced one professor to come up with a very creative way to speak his mind.
GO Fox News torches Donald Trump for his ’sick obsession’ with Megyn Kelly.
GO ’’ ”Fox News fired back at Donald Trump in a scathing statement Friday evening, in response to the business mogul’s latest series of inflammatory tweets directed at Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly.” ’”Donald Trump’’s vitriolic attacks against Megyn Kelly and his extreme, sick obsession with her is beneath the dignity of a presidential candidate who wants to occupy the highest office in the land,” a Fox News spokesperson said in a statement emailed to Business Insider.’ ’Earlier today, Trump of Kelly’’s show ”The Kelly File” on Twitter, calling her ”the most overrated person on tv.
GO TRUMP: Are ’we sure’ Mitt Romney is a Mormon?.
GO ’Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump on Friday jokingly questioned whether Mitt Romney is really Mormon at a campaign event in Salt Lake City, Utah.’ ’Trump praised evangelical Christian voters before mocking Romney for ”choking” in the 2012 presidential election.’ ’”The evangelicals have been so amazing.
GO Donald Trump takes another one: GOP frontrunner wins Arizona in march to nomination.
GO ”Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump just won another key state, making his path to his party’s nomination even clearer.” ’A slew of media outlets projected late Tuesday night that Trump would win the    Arizona primary.’ ’”Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona.
GO ’It will be like Christmas in the Kremlin’: Hillary Clinton blasts Donald Trump over NATO comments.
GO ’’ ’Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton blasted Republican rival Donald Trump during a counterterrorism speech Wednesday.’ ’Taking aim at Trump’’s recent comments on NATO being obsolete, Clinton said turning our back on the alliance ”would reverse decades of bipartisan of American leadership and send a dangerous signal to friend and foe alike.
GO One angry programmer almost broke the internet by deleting 11 lines of code.
GO ’This week, one angry programmer broke a whole mess of the software the internet runs on with the simple deletion of one simple program consisting of 11 lines of code.’ ”Everything is OK now.
GO Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos signed the $250 million Washington Post deal with no due diligence.
GO ’’ ”Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos apparently didn’t waste too much time before signing the $250 million Washington Post deal in 2013.” ”Although it was one of the largest acquisitions he’s ever done at the time, Bezos says he didn’t do any due diligence and just accepted the first offer that came from Don Graham, the former owner of the Washington Post, according to ” ”Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos apparently didn’t waste.
GO 17 charts that show just how scary Amazon’s $275 billion business really is.
GO ’’ ”Most people think of Amazon as an online shopping store, but it’s actually much more than that.” ’Over the past 22 years, Amazon has turned itself into a $275 billion juggernaut that sells everything from   services to its own hardware gadgets.’ ’These 17 charts show just how scary its business really is.’ ’Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions.’ ’Most people think of Amazon as an online.
GO The FBI says it has hacked into the San Bernardino shooter’s phone without Apple’s help.
GO ’The US Justice Department said on Monday that it had managed to access encrypted information stored on the iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters, ending a contentious standoff between the government and Apple.
GO Hillary Clinton lambastes ’extremist’ Donald Trump in scathing Supreme Court speech.
GO ’’ ’Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton targeted Republican counterparts Donald Trump and Ted Cruz and unloaded on Senate GOP leadership in a Monday speech on the battle over the Supreme Court vacancy.’ ’Clinton, the former secretary of state, painted elements of Trump’’s campaign as ”racist,” saying that the current Republican Party’’s leaders planted the seeds for the rise of ”extremist” candidates in Trump and Cruz, the senator from Texas.’ ’”The death of Justice [Antonin] Scalia marked the end of an era,” she said during a speech at the University of Wisconsin at Madison.
GO Costco’s new credit card has some of the best rewards in the market.
GO ’Costco is launching a new credit card that will offer some of the best rewards in the market.’ ”The new card, managed by Visa, will launch June 20.
GO State Department apologizes after sparking uproar with tweet about being a ’10’.
GO ’The State Department apologized on Wednesday after sparking controversy while one of its official accounts tweeted travel tips under the hashtag #springbreakingbadly, warning travelers to beware of overseas scams.’ ’Things went awry on Wednesday when the department made a recommendation to avoid being ”lured into buying expensive drinks.
GO Congratulations! You just witnessed one of the greatest comebacks in stock market history.
GO ’The .’ ”And if you’re reading this, you just witnessed one of the greatest comebacks in stock market history.” ’Ryan Detrick of LPL Financial that this is the first time in over 80 years that the stock market finished green for a quarter after being down by more than 10%.’ ’’ ” ’t’t’tIt is official, this was the first quarter for the SPX since 4Q ’33 to be down >10% and finish green.
GO The Citadel considers first-ever uniform exception: allowing a Muslim hijab.
GO      The Citadel is considering a request from an admitted student that she be allowed to wear a hijab in keeping with her Muslim faith, a move that would be an unprecedented exception to the school’s longstanding uniform requirements.
GO Why populist uprisings could end a half-century of greater economic ties.
GO      The world economy is nearing what international policymakers fear could be a dangerous turning point, as populist uprisings in the United States and Europe threaten to unravel   alliances that have fostered free trade and deepened economic ties.
GO Looking back at the Post’s first Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer.
GO      In celebration of the 100th anniversary of the Pulitzer Prizes, In Sight is looking back on the first Washington Post photographer to win the prize.
GO Who will be affected by the Supreme Court’s big case on immigration.
GO        The Supreme Court heard a challenge to President Obama’s policies on immigration Monday morning, a politically sensitive case that could affect millions of people living in the United States illegally and their families.
GO Harriet Tubman is perfect for the $20 bill, but which Tubman?.
GO      So now that it’s confirmed that Harriet Tubman will grace the front of the $20 bill, the next question is: Which Tubman?
GO Obama: North Carolina, Mississippi laws limiting LGBT protections are ‘wrong’ and ‘should be overturned’.
GO        President Obama said Friday that North Carolina and Mississippi’s laws limiting protections for transgender, lesbian, gay and bisexual people are ”wrong” and ”should be overturned.” Speaking at a news conference in London with British Prime Minister David Cameron, Obama praised Americans living in states that have recently taken steps to single out individuals based on their gender identity or sexual orientation, even as he criticized their approach to the issue.
GO If you live in Romania, your laundry may be airing on Instagram.
GO      “Nobody likes when you wash your dirty laundry in public, but everybody is watching when you put them out to dry,” said Catalina Hirean.
GO The ‘nasty effect,’ and why Donald Trump supporters mistrust the media.
GO      Donald Trump supporters and the mainstream media have a   routine that goes like this: The media report that the Republican presidential   said or did something    and then supporters reject the reports as   .
GO Why Oklahoma cops are returning $53,000 to a Christian band, an orphanage and a church.
GO           On Monday, I wrote about a strange civil forfeiture case out of Oklahoma, in which Muskogee County sheriff’s deputies seized over $53, 000 in cash from a Burmese Christian rock band, a church in Omaha and an orphanage in Thailand following a traffic stop over a busted tail light.
GO Don’t be fooled by Trump’s foreign policy speech.
GO          If you weren’t already convinced that parody is now the central art form of our era, then Donald Trump’s grand foreign policy speech yesterday was the proof.
GO How Georgetown should honor its former slaves.
GO    Maxine Crump is the    of Cornelius Hawkins, one of the Georgetown slaves sold in 1838, and a member of the Georgetown Memory Project.
GO Former Alabama governor Don Siegelman sent to solitary confinement.
GO      Former Alabama governor Don E. Siegelman was sent to solitary confinement this week at the Louisiana facility in which he is imprisoned on political corruption charges, according to his son Joseph Siegelman.
GO Faculty can carry handguns on public college campuses under controversial new Tennessee law.
GO        employees at Tennessee’s public colleges and universities can now carry handguns on campus under a bill that became law Monday, although without the governor’s signature.
GO Hillary Clinton will soon realize Donald Trump is very hard to run against.
GO      The prevailing wisdom in political circles following Donald Trump’s emergence as the presumptive Republican presidential nominee is that he has very little chance of beating Hillary Clinton in the fall election.
GO Sorry, Republicans. There’s no escaping Donald Trump..
GO        THE MORNING PLUM: This morning on Fox, Donald Trump professed himself “surprised” that House Speaker Paul Ryan has now said he is not yet ready to endorse the Donald.
GO Michael Hayden: Blame Intel Agencies, Not White House, For Getting Iraq Wrong.
GO The former head of the National Security Agency, Gen. Michael Hayden, says U. S. intelligence agencies got it wrong when they concluded Iraq had weapons of mass destruction, and they should take the blame for that, rather than the White House.
GO Suspect In Kalamazoo Shootings Charged With 6 Counts Of Murder.
GO Jason Dalton, the man police believe killed six people in a series of seemingly random shootings in Kalamazoo, Mich. late Saturday night, was charged Monday with six counts of murder, two counts of assault with intent to commit murder and eight firearms violations.
GO Senate Republicans Agree To Block Obama’s Supreme Court Nominee.
GO Any doubt that Senate Republicans would hold the line behind their leader’s decision to block President Obama’s Supreme Court nominee has been erased.
GO Solving The Mystery Of The Disappearing Quasar.
GO If this were a Sherlock Holmes story, its title would surely be ”The Case of the Disappearing Quasar.” In this case, however, the mystery wasn’t solved by an aging   detective, but by a young American astronomer at Penn State University named Jessie Runnoe and her colleagues.
GO Kurdish Force Reports Rescuing Swedish Girl, 16, From ISIS In Mosul.
GO Saying it had been asked to look for a teenager from Sweden who had been misled by a member of the Islamic militant group ISIS, a Kurdish security force says it recently rescued the girl, 16, from Mosul, Iraq.
GO Apple Court Filing Calls iPhone Order Dangerous, Unconstitutional.
GO After a court ordered Apple to help federal investigators get into an encrypted iPhone, the company responded with a court filing Thursday that describes the   order as illegal, unconstitutional and dangerous.
GO Treating Addiction As A Chronic Disease.
GO With the opioid epidemic reaching into every corner of the U. S. more people are talking about addiction as a chronic disease rather than a moral failing.
GO Why Scientists Hope To Inject Some People With Zika Virus.
GO One of the best ways to understand Zika virus might be to deliberately inject it into volunteers.
GO Rubio And Cruz Release Tax Returns, Piling Pressure On Donald Trump.
GO Marco Rubio made 14 years of his tax returns and Ted Cruz released four more years of his Saturday, increasing pressure on rival Donald Trump to release his.
GO Super Tuesday: Here’s What You Need To Know.
GO Everyone’s talking about ”Super Tuesday,” what it means and that it’s such a big deal in this presidential campaign.
GO For Better Or Worse, Chris Rock Made The Oscars As Black As He Possibly Could.
GO Host Chris Rock made sure Sunday’s Oscars were about as black as they could be, given that no black people had been nominated in any   categories.
GO As Evangelicals Lose Faith In Cruz, His Campaign Could Be Beyond Resurrection.
GO The crux of Ted Cruz’s campaign has long been mobilizing the Christian right to his side, working to galvanize enough evangelical voters to topple Donald Trump.
GO Osama Bin Laden’s Will: $29 Million That Should Be Spent On ’Jihad’.
GO A handwritten will by Osama bin Laden said he had a fortune of ”about 29 million dollars” and that most of it should be spent ”on Jihad,” according to documents released by the U. S. government on Tuesday.
GO A Team Of Refugees Will Compete At The Olympic Games In Rio.
GO A team of refugees will compete alongside athletes representing their home countries at the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, the International Olympic Committee has announced.
GO And The Winner Of The 2016 Tiny Desk Contest Is ....
GO There were 6, 100 entries in this year’s Tiny Desk Contest, representing every state in the nation.
GO 4 Things To Watch For In Tonight’s Republican Debate.
GO Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and John Kasich meet Thursday in the 11th debate of this year’s Republican presidential primary.
GO Clinton, Sanders Get Testy In Democratic Debate In Flint.
GO The first few minutes of the Democratic debate on CNN between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders were quite cordial.
GO Marco Rubio Sweeps Puerto Rico Primary.
GO Marco Rubio has won the Puerto Rico’s Republican primary and will net all of its 23 delegates.
GO Maria Sharapova Failed A Drug Test At Australian Open.
GO   Grand Slam champion Maria Sharapova announced at a news conference Monday that she failed a drug test at the Australian Open.
GO U.S. Airstrikes Kill At Least 150 Militants In Somalia, U.S. Military Says .
GO The U. S. military has hit an   training camp in Somalia using both drones and manned aircraft, killing at least 150 of the   fighters, the Pentagon says.
GO In Memoriam: Ray Tomlinson, Who Put The @ Sign In Your Email.
GO Editor’s note: Ray Tomlinson, who has been credited with propelling email toward becoming the familiar daily regularity we now know, has died at age 74.
GO President Obama Meets With Supreme Court Candidates.
GO President Obama has begun interviewing candidates for the Supreme Court vacancy created by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia.
GO Trump Rally Attendee Charged With Punching Protester In The Face.
GO New videos circulating on social media show a protester at a Donald Trump rally being punched in the face by an audience member as he was being led out of a rally Wednesday in Fayetteville, N. C. The apparent assault comes on the heels of another altercation showing a woman being pushed at a Trump rally last week, as well as two stories (here and here) of reporters having physical   with Trump’s security and staff.
GO At Funeral, Nancy Reagan’s Children Remember Her Devotion And Humor .
GO At the funeral for former first lady Nancy Reagan, her children Ronald Prescott Reagan and Patti Davis remembered her devotion and humor in their eulogies.
GO Wall Street Traders Get Mauled By The Rampaging Bear.
GO On Friday, Wall Street traders got the same treatment as the main character in The Revenant: A big fearsome bear attacked again and again.
GO Glenn Frey, Guitarist And Songwriter For The Eagles, Dies At 67.
GO Glenn Frey, 67, a founding member and guitarist of The Eagles, died on Monday in New York City of complications from rheumatoid arthritis, acute ulcerative colitis and pneumonia, according to a statement on the band’s official website: ”The Frey family would like to thank everyone who joined Glenn to fight this fight and hoped and prayed for his recovery.
GO In The Battle Between Lyft And Uber, The Focus Is On Drivers.
GO Hundreds of thousands of people drive for Uber in the U. S. The   company has had   fights in courts and city halls over the status of these drivers: Are they employees or contractors?
GO Nearly 19,000 Civilians Killed In Iraq In 22 Months, U.N. Report Says.
GO A new U. N. report says that nearly 20, 000 civilians were killed during Iraq’s bloody conflict between January 2014 and October 2015.
GO Supreme Court Strikes Down Florida’s Death Penalty System.
GO The U. S. Supreme Court struck down Florida’s death sentencing system as unconstitutional on Tuesday, casting doubt on the status of all the state’s death sentences.
GO Was Dr. Asperger A Nazi? The Question Still Haunts Autism.
GO The publication of a new history of autism called In a Different Key, by John Donvan and Caren Zucker, has reopened an unsettling question about the pioneering Viennese pediatrician Hans Asperger: Was he a Nazi sympathizer, or a man who paid lip service to his bosses’ murderous ideology in order to save the lives of as many of his young patients as possible?
GO Russia’s Putin ’Probably’ Approved Plan To Kill Spy, British Report Says.
GO Nearly 10 years after Kremlin critic and former spy Alexander Litvinenko was poisoned with a rare radioactive element and died in London, a retired British judge has issued a report concluding that Russian President Vladimir Putin ”probably” approved a plan by Russia’s security service to kill the former FSB agent.
GO Former Oklahoma City Police Officer Sentenced To 263 Years For Sexual Assaults.
GO Former Oklahoma City police officer Daniel Holtzclaw, who was found guilty of raping and sexually assaulting multiple women while on his beat, was sentenced to 263 years in prison.
GO How Sarah Palin Paved The Way For Donald Trump.
GO When Sarah Palin endorsed Donald Trump for president this week, it was a surprise move, but one that seemed perfectly logical.
GO What Flint, Mich., And Kabwe, Zambia, Have In Common.
GO On the surface, Flint, Mich. and Kabwe, Zambia, don’t seem to have a lot in common.
GO New Superintendent To Lead Los Angeles School District.
GO The Los Angeles Unified School District welcomed a new superintendent who represents a first for the nation’s   school district on Jan. 11.
GO Zika Virus Will Spread Through The Americas, Health Group Says .
GO The World Health Organization says it expects the Zika virus to spread to every country in the Western Hemisphere except Canada.
GO 100 Years Later, Beatrix Potter’s Tale Of A Fanciful Feline To Be Published.
GO A   Beatrix Potter book, The Tale of    is set to be released this fall, 150 years after the beloved author’s birth.
GO China’s Great Wall Is Crumbling In Many Places; Can It Be Saved? .
GO After centuries of neglect, the world’s largest fortification, the Great Wall of China, has a band of   defenders who are drawing up plans to protect and maintain the vast structure.
GO DNA, Genealogy And The Search For Who We Are.
GO Consider these facts, culled from writings here: And then, there’s this tidbit, courtesy of Mark G. Thomas and his friends at University College London: It can be demonstrated that 5, 000 years ago everybody alive was either the common ancestor of everyone alive today, or the common ancestor of no one.
GO How To Be A Great Teacher, From 12 Great Teachers.
GO Great teachers have two things in common: an exceptional level of devotion to their students, and the drive to inspire each one to learn and succeed.
GO How Predictive Are Iowa And New Hampshire?.
GO Iowa and New Hampshire get a lot of attention, but their records in picking presidents, let alone nominees, is spotty (as you can see from the chart above).
GO Before Zika Virus, Rubella Was A Pregnant Woman’s Nightmare.
GO Before the Zika virus outbreak, which appears to be associated with serious birth defects in babies in Brazil, there was rubella, also known as German measles, which terrified the pregnant women of my mother’s generation.
GO Fox News, Ailes face another sexual harassment lawsuit.
GO Julie Roginsky also said in her lawsuit filed in New York state court that a misogynistic culture at Fox News, a unit of   Century Fox Inc, had not changed since Ailes resigned last year after a separate sexual harassment lawsuit by former anchor Gretchen Carlson.
GO Commentary: Is Syria strike the beginning of a ‘Trump doctrine’?.
GO When President Donald Trump took office less than three months ago, few would have predicted that he would find himself so quickly launching military strikes against Syria.
GO St. Louis sues NFL for more than $1 billion over loss of Rams football team.
GO The city, St. Louis County and the St. Louis Regional Convention and Sports Complex Authority, in a lawsuit filed in Circuit Court of St. Louis City, is seeking damages totaling more than $1 billion for the move by the Rams to Los Angeles from Missouri last year.
GO The NSA Is Changing Some of the Information It Collects .
GO Here’s part of the NSA’s statement: After considerable evaluation of the program and available technology, NSA has decided that its Section 702 foreign intelligence surveillance activities will no longer include any upstream internet communications that are solely “about” a foreign intelligence target.
GO Why The President Show Might Just Work.
GO The first episode of any   show is bound to have its jitters, and The President Show’s debut on Thursday was no different.
GO Can You Spot a Liar?.
GO , I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors.
GO Is the House Up for Grabs?.
GO With Donald Trump lagging in the polls and proving a drag on Republican Senate candidates up and down the East Coast, some are beginning to wonder not just whether the GOP will lose in November, but how devastating the losses might be.
GO Ukraine’s Independence Is Under Threat.
GO On August 24, 1991, Ukraine declared independence from the Soviet Union following a referendum that received 90 percent support.
GO The Future of Social Conservatives Is on the Line in North Carolina.
GO The future of religious liberty for traditional religious believers hangs on what happens to North Carolina governor Pat McCrory’s bid for   this November, and he is down six points in the latest CNN poll.
GO Is 2016 Redrawing the Political Map?.
GO Is the political map, so familiar that even   offhandedly refer to red, blue, and purple states, changing before our eyes?
GO My Money Is on a Trump Victory.
GO For what it is worth: Nothing is ever certain, and much could go wrong, but my money remains on a Trump victory.
GO Anti-Semitism, Brought to You by the United Nations.
GO The United Nations was founded as a global pact among states, but over the decades in the name of transparency and to further the aim of globalization, it has opened its doors to more than 6, 150   organizations (NGOs).
GO Of Course Hillary’s Health Is Relevant.
GO Of course Hillary Rodham Clinton’s health is a legitimate issue for the 2016 election.
GO Yes, the Fix Was In.
GO With concerns about Hillary Clinton’s health intensifying, Congress is poised to revisit the FBI’s investigation of her   scandal.
GO Obama’s Resetting His Own Foreign Policy.
GO If actions speak louder than words, then Barack Obama has been systematically admitting the failure of his own foreign policy.
GO Trump’s Child-Care Proposal: Be Like Sweden?.
GO There may be valid criticisms of the Trump (Ivanka as much as Donald)   proposal, but the New York Times and the Huffington Post did not find them.
GO Getting to the Truth about Life.
GO ‘Life is a gift, not an accident,” Archbishop of Philadelphia Charles J. Chaput said in a speech in recent days at the University of Notre Dame.
GO Why Russia Bombed the Aid Convoy.
GO On Monday, Russian forces bombed a humanitarian convoy in Syria.
GO What Would Democrats Do If They Had to Cope with a President Trump?.
GO The chances of Donald Trump becoming the 45th president of the United States remain vanishingly small, but given that almost no votes have actually been cast yet and the polls are in a tightening phase, it’s an interesting exercise to consider what a Trump presidency would look like.
GO Remembering African Singer And Style Icon Papa Wemba.
GO One of Africa’s most famous musicians and an international style icon, Congolese singer Papa Wemba, died suddenly during a performance early Sunday at age 66.
GO Cleveland To Pay $6 Million To Settle Tamir Rice Lawsuit .
GO The city of Cleveland agreed Monday to pay $6 million to settle a civil rights lawsuit brought by the family of Tamir Rice, the    boy who was shot and killed by a police officer on Nov. 22, 2014.
GO What Harriet Tubman, Prince And Beyonce Can Teach Us About Politics.
GO The types of conversations I saw online about Harriet Tubman, Prince and Beyonce over this past week have yet to be duplicated in our nation’s discussion of politics.
GO Former Cleveland Browns QB Johnny Manziel Is Indicted On Assault Charge.
GO Former Texas AM and Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel, 23, has been indicted by a Dallas County grand jury on a misdemeanor assault charge.
GO A Concussion Can Lead To Sleep Problems That Last For Years.
GO People who sustain a concussion or a more severe traumatic brain injury are likely to have sleep problems that continue for at least a year and a half.
GO Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert Admits To Sexual Abuse.
GO Updated at 2:30 p. m. ET, Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert admitted at his sentencing hearing Wednesday that he sexually abused more than one student when he was a teacher and wrestling coach in Illinois decades ago, and said he was ”ashamed.” Hastert initially said he had ”mistreated” athletes, NPR’s David Schaper tweeted from the courtroom.
GO Las Vegas Columnist Quits After Ban On Writing About Adelson.
GO A prominent columnist for the Las Vegas   the largest news organization in Nevada, resigned after being told he could no longer write about two of the state’s biggest players, including his newspaper’s new owner, casino magnate Sheldon Adelson.
GO Will The Real Donald Trump Please Stand Up?.
GO Lately, it’s been a political guessing game of which Donald Trump is going to show up.
GO Ex-Reserve Deputy Who Confused Gun With Taser, Killing Suspect, Is Convicted.
GO A former reserve deputy in Oklahoma who said he mistook his gun for his Taser when he shot and killed a suspect has been convicted of   manslaughter.
GO Sanders Campaign Has Spent 50 Percent More Than Clinton In 2016.
GO With Bernie Sanders lopping hundreds of staffers from his campaign this week, it’s easy to forget he has outraised and outspent Hillary Clinton every month this year.
GO Was It Good, Bad Or Ugly? Takes On Larry Wilmore’s Jokes At Correspondents’ Dinner.
GO ”Welcome to Negro Night,” is how Larry Wilmore, the host of this weekend’s White House Correspondents’ Association dinner, kicked off the night, adding, ”Or as Fox News will report, ’Two thugs disrupt elegant dinner in D. C.’ ” The tepid reaction to that joke wouldn’t warm up much over the next 30 minutes.
GO As Cruz Exits Race, Trump Cements His Spot As Likely GOP Nominee.
GO The Indiana voters shook up the presidential race Tuesday night, with Ted Cruz ending his campaign after a disappointing loss to   GOP nominee Donald Trump.
GO Getting High From This Drug For Diarrhea Can Be Fatal.
GO Some people addicted to oxycodone and other opioids are now turning to widely available diarrhea medications to manage their withdrawal symptoms or get high.
GO An Online Program May Help Prevent Depression In Some People.
GO Working through a   program online can prevent or delay major depression disorder in people who are vulnerable, a study finds.
GO U.S. Navy SEAL Is Killed In ISIS Attack In Northern Iraq.
GO Updated at 11:20 a. m. ET, A U. S. Navy SEAL special operator was killed during an attack by ISIS fighters Tuesday in northern Iraq, Defense Department officials tell NPR’s Tom Bowman.
GO Trump In Triumph: The Man Who Wasn’t Welcome In The Game Takes Home The Prize.
GO Donald Trump, the man who would not run, could not be taken seriously and could not win, is the apparent nominee of the Republican Party.
GO Frozen Food Recall Expands To 358 Products Amid Listeria Fears.
GO Time to check your frozen fruit and vegetable packages: CRF Frozen Foods has expanded a voluntary recall to include about 358 products under 42 different brands because of potential listeria contamination.
GO Prince’s Staff Sought Addiction Doctor’s Help A Day Before Musician Died, Lawyer Says.
GO The musician Prince had an appointment to meet with an addiction doctor the day after he died, a lawyer for that doctor said during a news conference this afternoon.
GO Syrian Army Declares 48-Hour Truce After Intense Fighting In Aleppo.
GO The Syrian army says it will apply a   truce to the city of Aleppo, in the north of the country, after days of intense fighting with rebel forces.
GO How To Buy A Car: Start With Some Patience.
GO By my count I have helped some 58 friends (including many colleagues in public radio) buy a car.
GO U.S. Army Captain Is Suing Obama Over Legality Of The War Against ISIS.
GO A U. S. Army captain has filed a lawsuit against President Obama over the legality of the war against ISIS in Iraq and Syria.
GO How To Teach Children That Failure Is The Secret To Success.
GO Is failure a positive opportunity to learn and grow, or is it a negative experience that hinders success?
GO For This Vineyard, It’s Duck, Duck, Booze.
GO On Vergenoegd Wine Estate in Stellenbosch, South Africa, about a thousand Indian runner ducks parade twice a day into a vineyard to rid it of pests.
GO Hillary Clinton Has Edge Over Donald Trump In General Election.
GO Hillary Clinton would have a significant electoral advantage over Donald Trump in the general election, based on an NPR analysis.
GO West Point Clears Black Cadets Who Raised Fists In Pre-Graduation Photo.
GO West Point has said that 16 black female cadets did not violate any Department of Defense or Army regulations by posing with their fists raised in a photo taken ahead of their graduation from the academy.
GO Citadel Military College Says Prospective Student Can’t Wear Hijab.
GO The Citadel, the Military College of South Carolina, says it will not allow an admitted student to wear a Muslim headscarf.
GO Are We About To Send ’Spacechips’ To The Stars?.
GO ”Is this for real?” That was the only line in an email my graduate student send me about a month ago.
GO FBI Director Says He Feels The ’Pressure’ On Clinton Email Investigation.
GO FBI Director James Comey says he is closely watching the bureau’s investigation of Hillary Clinton’s emails ”to make sure it’s being done well.” Comey says he feels ”pressure” to do the investigation well and promptly, adding that ”between those two things we will always choose well.” Meeting with reporters at FBI headquarters Wednesday, Comey offered few details about the investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server during her time as secretary of state.
GO After Tragedy, 2 Families Find Their Own Justice In Louise Erdrich’s ’LaRose’.
GO Louise Erdrich’s new novel LaRose opens with a tragedy: An Ojibwe man is out hunting for deer and accidentally shoots and kills his best friend’s    son, Dusty.
GO U.S., Russia Working On A Plan To Coordinate Bombing In Syria.
GO The U. S. and Russia are working on a controversial plan for greater military cooperation in Syria, where both powers are bombing the Islamic State but have starkly different views of the country’s future.
GO Were There Aliens Before Us?.
GO Are we the only   intelligent species that has ever occurred in the universe?
GO What We Know About The Suspect In The Nice, France, Attack.
GO Updated at 12:46 p. m. ET, Law enforcement and judicial officials have identified    Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel as the suspect who they believe plowed into a crowd in Nice, France, killing at least 84 people.
GO Are Police Being Taught To Pull The Trigger Too Fast?.
GO When you listen to the protesters, the message is clear: They think police are too quick to pull the trigger when faced with potential danger.
GO Treating The Police, Fearing The Police: Dallas Surgeon Brian Williams Reflects.
GO When injured police officers started arriving at Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas on the night of July 7, Dr. Brian Williams was there to treat them.
GO Russia Should Be Barred From Rio Olympics, World Anti-Doping Agency Says.
GO Citing an investigation that found systematic and   cheating by Russia’s athletes during the Sochi Olympics, the World   Agency says that all Russian athletes and government officials should be barred from this summer’s Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
GO Renee Montagne To Step Down As Host Of ’Morning Edition’.
GO In four months, on the first Friday after the elections in November, Renee Montagne will step away from the host chair on Morning Edition after 12 years.
GO Trump Campaign Says Melania Trump’s Words Were Her Own.
GO Donald Trump’s campaign is making no apologies for language in Melania Trump’s Monday night convention speech that was   to a similar speech Michelle Obama delivered in 2008.
GO In Open Letter To Law Enforcement, Obama Says, ’We Have Your Backs’.
GO In an open letter to the nation’s law enforcement officers, President Obama mourns the recent killings of officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge, La.
GO Trump Speechwriter Accepts Responsibility For Using Michelle Obama’s Words.
GO After repeatedly denying that elements of a 2008 speech by Michelle Obama were used in Melania Trump’s address on the first night of the Republican National Convention, an employee of the Trump Organization took responsibility for the flap on Wednesday.
GO Mike Pence Appears To Contradict Trump’s Stance On NATO.
GO The United States would ”absolutely” defend its NATO allies, Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence told the PBS NewsHour on Thursday, appearing to contradict a statement from Donald Trump a day earlier about how he would treat the obligations of the   military alliance.
GO Larry The Cat Taken To Vet For Injury, Expected To Make Full Recovery.
GO Larry the cat, the mouser in chief at the prime minister’s residence in the U. K. has been injured, but has been taken to the vet for treatment and is expected to make a full recovery.
GO Shooting At Munich Shopping Mall Kills At Least 10, Police Say.
GO A shooting at a shopping mall in Munich has left at least 10 people dead, including the alleged attacker, and at least 27 people injured, the Munich police say.
GO Cleveland, Rocked: Music At The Republican National Convention.
GO Throughout the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this week, there was a persistent and obvious theme of discord on repeat.
GO Rape Survivor Sues After Texas Authorities Jailed Her For A Month.
GO A rape survivor is suing Texas’ Harris County after she was jailed for more than a month and subjected to beatings and ”psychological torture.” According to court documents, she had suffered a mental breakdown while testifying against her rapist, and authorities checked her into the general population at Houston’s Harris County Jail because they feared she would flee before finishing her testimony.
GO 4 Reasons Why Progressives Aren’t Thrilled With Clinton’s Pick Of Kaine.
GO While many pundits and political observers were quick to praise Hillary Clinton’s pick of Tim Kaine as her running mate on Friday, the choice wasn’t met with universal acclaim.
GO Munich Police: Suspect Was A High School Student Fixated On Shooting Rampages.
GO The suspect in the attack on a shopping mall in Munich on Friday is an      high school student who lived in Munich and had a history of depression, Munich police said.
GO Shooting At Fort Myers Nightclub Kills 2, Injures More Than A Dozen.
GO At least two people were killed and more than a dozen injured in a shooting at a nightclub in southwestern Florida, in violence that police say began around 12:30 a. m. Monday.
GO A Sniff Test For Alzheimer’s Checks For The Ability To Identify Odors.
GO Two studies released at an international Alzheimer’s meeting Tuesday suggest doctors may eventually be able to screen people for this form of dementia by testing the ability to identify familiar odors, like smoke, coffee and raspberry.
GO What We Saw At The 2016 Newport Folk Festival.
GO There was barely a cloud in the sky all weekend at the 2016 Newport Folk Festival this past weekend.
GO Formula One Boss Bernie Ecclestone’s Mother-In-Law Is Kidnapped In Brazil.
GO A reported abduction in Brazil is sending shock waves through the sporting world, as the   law of Bernie Ecclestone, the billionaire who runs the Formula One Group, is apparently being held for ransom.
GO WATCH: Albright Says It’s ’Almost Too Hard To Express’ Excitement Over Clinton.
GO Madeleine Albright, who spoke Tuesday night at the Democratic National Convention, says it’s ”almost too hard to express” the excitement she feels over Hillary Clinton’s presidential nomination.
GO Former CIA Director Panetta Calls Trump’s Russia Comment ’Inconceivable’.
GO Former CIA Director Leon Panetta blasted Donald Trump Wednesday night from the stage of the Democratic National Convention, calling his recent comment that Russia should ”find” Hillary Clinton’s emails ”irresponsible” and ”inconceivable.” Panetta’s comments were largely disrupted by the crowd chanting ”No more war,” but he continued his remarks.
GO Is The Student Loan Crisis Fact Or Fiction?.
GO There’s a new book out about the student loan crisis, or what author Sandy Baum suggests is a ”bogus crisis.” Baum, a financial aid expert and senior fellow at the Urban Institute, claims it has been manufactured by the media in search of a spicy story and fueled by politicians pushing ”debt free college” proposals.
GO David Bald Eagle, Lakota Chief, Musician, Cowboy And Actor, Dies At 97.
GO In the U. K. the headlines note the passing of a ”Dances With Wolves actor.” But appearing in an    film was one of the least interesting things David William Beautiful Bald Eagle ever did.
GO Egypt And Turkey: Why A Coup Succeeded In One And Failed In The Other.
GO Three years ago, Egypt’s military carried out a swift and successful coup, ousting a conservative Muslim ruler and party that had been elected.
GO Christmas reborn in Iraqi town freed from ISIS.
GO Bartella, Iraq (CNN) In the ancient Iraqi Christian town of Bartella    recently liberated from ISIS    Christmas was celebrated for the first time in more than two years on Saturday.
GO Anis Amri: 3 arrested, including his nephew.
GO Milan, Italy (CNN) The nephew of Anis Amri, the man suspected of being responsible for the attack on a Berlin Christmas market, has been arrested in Tunisia, the country’s Interior Ministry said Saturday.
GO Typhoon Nock-ten strands thousands in Philippines.
GO Manila, Philippines (CNN) Super Typhoon   has left more than 11, 000 passengers stranded after roaring into the Philippines and forcing the closure of ports in the Southeast Asian country.
GO Israeli official: Proof of US role in UN vote to be given to Trump.
GO Jerusalem (CNN) Israel will provide detailed, sensitive information to Donald Trump’s incoming administration about the US role as a covert partner in the UN Security Council resolution condemning Israel’s settlements in the West Bank, a senior Israeli official told CNN Tuesday.
GO Queen Elizabeth misses Christmas Day service.
GO London (CNN) Queen Elizabeth did not attend church on Christmas Day, Buckingham Palace announced Sunday after confirming she is recovering from a ”heavy cold.” ”The Queen continues to recover from a heavy cold and will stay indoors to assist with her recovery,” Buckingham Palace said in a statement.
GO 29 lawmakers quit President’s party amid scandal.
GO Seoul (CNN) South Korean President Park   has been abandoned by nearly a quarter of the lawmakers in her party.
GO What the UNSC resolution means for the US and Israel.
GO Jerusalem (CNN) The United Nations Security Council on Friday passed a resolution condemning Israel’s settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem.
GO Turkey and Russia agree on draft Syria ceasefire, report says.
GO Istanbul, Turkey (CNN) Turkey and Russia have reportedly agreed on a draft nationwide ceasefire in Syria, the Turkish   news agency Anadolu said Wednesday.
GO Debbie Reynolds, ’Singin’ in the Rain’ star, dies at 84.
GO Los Angeles (CNN) Debbie Reynolds, the   actress with a colorful   history who starred in the classic musical ”Singin’ in the Rain,” has died.
GO Putin: Russia won’t expel US diplomats.
GO Moscow (CNN) Russian President Vladimir Putin said Friday that Moscow will not expel American diplomats in response to US sanctions against Russia.
GO Nevada’s Heller says he’ll run for re-election to Senate in 2018.
GO Washington (CNN) Nevada Republican Sen. Dean Heller announced Thursday that he will forgo a run for governor in 2018 and instead run for   in the Senate.
GO Search for AirAsia Flight QZ8501 slowed by weather.
GO Surabaya, Indonesia (CNN) Indonesian searchers battling bad weather in their efforts to find more remains from AirAsia Flight QZ8501 have so far recovered seven bodies from the sea, officials said Wednesday.
GO Hinckley won’t face new charges in Reagan aide’s death.
GO Washington (CNN) John Hinckley won’t face charges in the death of former President Ronald Reagan’s press secretary, James Brady    whose death last summer was ruled a homicide, even though it happened more than three decades after Brady was shot by Hinckley.
GO Cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri sentenced to life in prison.
GO New York (CNN) Radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza   who was convicted of supporting al Qaeda and Taliban terrorists, was sentenced to life in prison Friday by a federal judge in New York.
GO Tech you missed at CES 2015.
GO Some of the most futuristic products on display at International CES in 2015.
GO Turning 50 in 2015.
GO Andy Dick turns 50 on December 21.
GO Two protesters arrested outside Dick Cheney’s home.
GO Washington (CNN) Two   protesters    one of them an    woman    were arrested Saturday outside the home of former Vice President Dick Cheney in suburban Washington, police said.
GO Feinstein: Visa program is ’Achilles heel of America’.
GO Washington (CNN) The waiver program that allows citizens from some countries to enter the United States for up to 90 days without a visa is ”the Achilles heel of America,” Sen. Dianne Feinstein said on Sunday.
GO Secret Service cleans house after scandals.
GO Washington (CNN) Top Secret Service officials are out of their jobs following months of scandal at the law enforcement agency, sources said on Wednesday.
GO Are Obama’s State of the Union proposals realistic?.
GO Washington (CNN) In the span of a week there were three new proposals from President Barack Obama as the White House unveiled ambitious plans to fight cyber crime and expand broadband access, help kids go to college and give workers paid family leave.
